Personal Personal Business Business Download Discover Proton Discover Proton Resources Discover Proton Proton Choose an internet where your privacy comes first Create a free account Communicate and browse Email VPN (new window) Video conferencing Calendar Store, share, collaborate Cloud storage Docs Sheets Private AI AI assistant Security Password manager Two-factor authentication Bitcoin wallet More from Proton Hide-my-email aliases (new window) Encrypted notes (new window) Pricing Personal plans Get started Switch to Proton Discover Proton for Business Proton for Business Simple, encrypted solutions to protect your business Find your plan Secure business communication Business email Business VPN Business video conferencing Business calendar Protect your team files Business cloud storage Docs Sheets Confidential AI for professionals Business AI assistant Protect your business Identity Business password manager Industries Tech Healthcare Nonprofits News and media Pricing Business plans Business resources Trust center HIPAA GDPR Data breach observatory ISO 27001 Business blog Proton Mail Proton VPN Proton Drive Proton Pass Lumo AI Proton Calendar Proton Meet Proton Authenticator Proton Wallet Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Web app Web app (new window) Desktop client add-on Bridge Scan to get the mobile app Devices Windows (new window) macOS (new window) Linux (new window) Chromebook (new window) Android (new window) iOS (new window) Extensions Chrome (new window) Firefox (new window) Smart TV Android TV (new window) Apple TV (new window) Firestick (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps Windows macOS Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Devices Windows macOS Linux Android iOS Command line interface (new window) Extensions Chrome Safari Firefox Edge Brave Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Web app Web app (new window) Discover Proton Proton We believe a better world starts with privacy and digital freedom Discover Proton Company About us Impact Team Careers Proton Foundation Proton blog Privacy Open source Zero-access encryption Big Tech alternatives Connect Partners and affiliates Social media Media contact Contact us Get started with Proton Beginner video guides (new window) Learn about encryption Business resources Help center News Proton blog Product updates Reports and insights Investigative reports Proton VPN observatory (new window) Data breach observatory Tech fines tracker Europe’s tech sovereignty watch European alternatives Proton’s guide to AI Videos about privacy Mass surveillance explained (new window) How employers spy on you (new window) Should security cost your privacy (new window) How to disappear online (new window) See all videos (new window) Tools What is my IP address? (new window) Password generator Username generator PDF watermark Image watermark Create a free account Sign in Open menu Proton updates Latest News Guides Opinion For business Subscribe by RSS Search for blog posts Create account Proton Pass launches Secure Links for safe, convenient password sharing Proton Pass Proton updates Son Nguyen Kim Published on July 12, 2024 Share this page : (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) Copy link There are many reasons you may need to share passwords, bank details, and other highly sensitive information. But we noticed that many people do this via messaging apps or other methods that put your data at risk. In response to the needs of our community, we’re excited to announce that you now have a more secure and convenient way to share your items in your password manager with anyone, even if they don’t use Proton Pass. With Secure Links, you can copy and paste unique, expirable links to your logins, bank cards, notes, and other items while preserving end-to-end encryption. Proton Pass makes securely sharing sensitive information simple and lets you manage your Secure Links from a central dashboard, ensuring you’re always in complete control of the items you’ve shared. Starting today, we’ll begin rolling out Secure Links to everyone with a Proton Visionary or Lifetime plan. In the coming days, everyone with a paid Pass plan will be able to use Secure Links. For a limited time, we’re helping more people take advantage of secure sharing and other advanced features by offering a year of Pass Plus for only $12 . You not only get Secure Links but also unlimited vaults and hide-my-email aliases , Dark Web Monitoring , our Proton Sentinel security program, integrated 2FA authenticator, and more. This offer ends July 21. Get the Pass Plus deal Why traditional password sharing is not secure It’s no secret that many people share passwords to streaming services and other subscription accounts. Family members also need to share other items like credit cards, ID numbers, and bank account logins. In the workplace, colleagues need access to shared WiFi passwords, social media accounts, and more. Unfortunately, in most cases people share these sensitive items using methods that are inconvenient and not secure, such as text message or email. This makes it difficult to restrict access in the future, and whenever you update your password or other item details, you have to resend the information. Moreover, this increases the risk of data breaches , identity theft , or more sophisticated attacks (new window) . Sharing passwords outside of Proton Pass in cleartext breaks end-to-end encryption. Secure Links are easy to use and protect your data These unique, expirable links give you more flexibility and control over the items in your Proton Pass account without having to share sensitive information outside of Pass. Importantly, you still have the ability to share items in your Proton Pass account using vaults . But Secure Links are designed to let you share single items more easily, including with people who don’t have a Pass account. Here’s how Secure Link sharing works: Easy as copy and paste: Sharing links is simple. You can generate, update, or delete Secure Links with a few clicks on any app. You’re in control: Set a date for the link to expire (anywhere from one hour up to 30 days) or restrict the number of times your recipient can access the link (from one to infinity). When you’re done sharing, just click the Remove link button in your dashboard. Encrypted at all times: Secure Links are end-to-end encrypted so only you and the people you share with can ever see your data. Not even Proton can access it: Secure Links are generated on your device, and when recipients open the link, the browser only sends the first part of the URL (before #decryptionkey) to the Proton servers. This means Proton never has access to the content of your Secure Link. Better security without compromising convenience Because Proton Pass is powered by our community rather than advertisers or venture investors, we are able to prioritize your security and privacy above everything else. And since we’re owned by a nonprofit , we’re only accountable to you and to our mission to expand global access to privacy. To that end, in response to feedback from the community, we’re also launching an Extra Password feature alongside Secure Links. This optional feature lets you create a second password to access credentials stored in Pass for greater compartmentalization and peace of mind. Extra Password is available to the entire Proton Pass community, including those with Free plans. You can turn on Extra Password now in your security settings. Learn more. With these new features, we aim to give you the best security possible without asking you to change the way you already use, share, and enjoy your password manager. We look forward to your feedback, which will directly shape the future of our products at Proton. Share this page : (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) Copy link Son Nguyen Kim Son is the Founder of SimpleLogin, which he continues to work on, along with Proton Pass. Previously, he was the director of engineering at Workwell and CTO at Fitle. Son graduated from Ecole Polytechnique with an MSc in computer science and was a gold medalist at the International Mathematical Olympiad. Related articles Jul 15, 2026 For business How to conduct a password audit for your business Learn how to conduct a password audit with a step-by-step framework to identify weak passwords, risky access, and poor credential hygiene. Jul 15, 2026 Guides How ISPs track your online activity Learn what your ISP can see, how internet providers track you, and the steps you can take to protect your privacy. Jul 15, 2026 For business Keep communicating through any downtime with Proton’s business continuity solution Keep your team operational during outages with Proton Mail and Proton Meet: communication tools based in Switzerland. Jul 10, 2026 For business A GDPR compliance checklist for small and medium-sized businesses A detailed GDPR compliance checklist for SMEs. Follow this UK GDPR checklist to meet GDPR requirements and implement compliance controls. Jul 10, 2026 Guides How to turn off Face ID on iPhone — and when you should Is Face ID safe and should you turn it off? Learn how to turn off Face ID, when you should do it, and why you might want to. Jul 9, 2026 Guides What are the worst spyware apps — and how do you spot them? Spyware apps are designed to go undetected. Here are the 3 worst spy app types, how to detect them, and how to protect your device. Privacy by default (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) Proton AG Route de la Galaise 32 1228 Plan-les-Ouates Geneva, Switzerland Products Proton Mail Proton Calendar Proton Drive Proton VPN (new window) Proton Pass Proton Wallet Proton Docs Proton Sheets New Proton Authenticator Proton Meet New Lumo AI Standard Notes (new window) Simple Login (new window) Proton for Business Pricing Switch to Proton Products Proton Mail Proton Calendar Proton Drive Proton VPN (new window) Proton Pass Proton Wallet Proton Docs Proton Sheets New Proton Authenticator Proton Meet New Lumo AI Standard Notes (new window) Simple Login (new window) Proton for Business Pricing Switch to Proton Privacy Password generator Username generator Tor Open source Student discount Special reports Proton vs. competitors Privacy Password generator Username generator Tor Open source Student discount Special reports Proton vs. competitors Company About us Team Impact Proton Foundation Careers We’re hiring Shop (new window) Donate Blog Company About us Team Impact Proton Foundation Careers We’re hiring Shop (new window) Donate Blog Connect Social media Help and support Partners and affiliates Referral program Press and media Contact us Connect Social media Help and support Partners and affiliates Referral program Press and media Contact us English System status (new window) Report abuse Report a problem Report a security issue Request a feature (new window) English Privacy Policy Terms & conditions Transparency report © 2026 Proton AG. All rights reserved.