Personal Personal Business Business Download Discover Proton Discover Proton Resources Discover Proton Proton Choose an internet where your privacy comes first Create a free account Communicate and browse Email VPN (new window) Video conferencing Calendar Store, share, collaborate Cloud storage Docs Sheets Private AI AI assistant Security Password manager Two-factor authentication Bitcoin wallet More from Proton Hide-my-email aliases (new window) Encrypted notes (new window) Pricing Personal plans Get started Switch to Proton Discover Proton for Business Proton for Business Simple, encrypted solutions to protect your business Find your plan Secure business communication Business email Business VPN Business video conferencing Business calendar Protect your team files Business cloud storage Docs Sheets Confidential AI for professionals Business AI assistant Protect your business Identity Business password manager Industries Tech Healthcare Nonprofits News and media Pricing Business plans Business resources Trust center HIPAA GDPR Data breach observatory ISO 27001 Business blog Proton Mail Proton VPN Proton Drive Proton Pass Lumo AI Proton Calendar Proton Meet Proton Authenticator Proton Wallet Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Web app Web app (new window) Desktop client add-on Bridge Scan to get the mobile app Devices Windows (new window) macOS (new window) Linux (new window) Chromebook (new window) Android (new window) iOS (new window) Extensions Chrome (new window) Firefox (new window) Smart TV Android TV (new window) Apple TV (new window) Firestick (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps Windows macOS Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Devices Windows macOS Linux Android iOS Command line interface (new window) Extensions Chrome Safari Firefox Edge Brave Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Web app Web app (new window) Discover Proton Proton We believe a better world starts with privacy and digital freedom Discover Proton Company About us Impact Team Careers Proton Foundation Proton blog Privacy Open source Zero-access encryption Big Tech alternatives Connect Partners and affiliates Social media Media contact Contact us Get started with Proton Beginner video guides (new window) Learn about encryption Business resources Help center News Proton blog Product updates Reports and insights Investigative reports Proton VPN observatory (new window) Data breach observatory Tech fines tracker Europe’s tech sovereignty watch European alternatives Proton’s guide to AI Videos about privacy Mass surveillance explained (new window) How employers spy on you (new window) Should security cost your privacy (new window) How to disappear online (new window) See all videos (new window) Tools What is my IP address? (new window) Password generator Username generator PDF watermark Image watermark Create a free account Sign in Open menu Proton updates Latest News Guides Opinion For business Subscribe by RSS Search for blog posts Create account Identities in Proton Pass puts you in control of your digital identity Proton Pass Proton updates Son Nguyen Kim Published on August 8, 2024 Share this page : (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) Copy link Your digital identity is more than simply your email addresses and passwords. It’s your financial information, your government ID, social profiles, and countless other data that’s extremely valuable to both hackers and surveillance-based ad companies like Google. We built Proton Pass to be more than a secure password manager: It’s the first comprehensive identity manager that empowers you to fully control and protect the data that makes up your online presence. Identity management is one of our community’s most requested features, and today we’re happy to introduce Identities for Proton Pass . Identities makes it easier for you to organize and secure your personal information across platforms. The feature is available to the entire Proton Pass community, and it’s being gradually rolled out as of today. It’ll be available on every major platform. As part of this launch, we’re also introducing biometric authentication to our desktop apps for those with paid plans. This is another highly requested feature that makes your Proton Pass experience more convenient and secure. Please note that you’ll need to be using the latest version of Proton Pass to access both features: Android: 1.24.1 iOS: 1.12.2 Browser extensions / Web app: 1.21.2 macOS / Windows / Linux: 1.22 Get the Pass Plus deal Simple identity management in just a few clicks When you use the internet, you’re often entering the same information over and over. For example, when you buy tickets from an airline you’ve never flown with before, you’ll have to enter your name, payment details, and address. This is repetitive, inefficient — and avoidable. To streamline your day and help you manage your online identity, Identities allows you to save personal details in a single place for easy access. You can save any kind of information, including your: Name Email address Phone number Birth date Gender Address Identity details (Social Security number, passport number, license number) Personal details (personal website, social media profiles) Work details (occupation, company, job title) If you have a paid Proton Pass subscription, you’ll also have access to custom fields and custom sections. All fields in your vault are searchable, so all the information you need is safely stored and easily accessible at any time. Create different identities for different purposes Storing your digital identity in Proton Pass helps you complete your tasks both at work and at home. For example, your work Identity can help you quickly sign up for conferences or provide delivery information to suppliers. Then, when you get home, you can use your personal Identity to quickly fill in your address to order food or fill out tedious administrative forms with ease. You can also store Identities for friends and family members to speed up making plans and ordering online. Saving different email addresses, payment methods, and addresses is easier and more efficient now that you can create separate work and personal Identities. You can also share your information securely with trusted recipients so that they can make orders or fill out forms on your behalf. It’s easy to choose the Identity you’d like to use in just a few clicks using the Pass app. All of this information is stored using the same Proton Pass end-to-end encryption . Your data is private (even from us) and no one else can access it unless you share it with them. You’ll never have your information sold or abused for ads: We believe in a private internet free from Big Tech surveillance. Enhanced safety and productivity with biometric authentication on desktop You could already use biometric authentication in Proton Pass on your mobile devices. Now, if you have a paid account, you can also use biometric authentication to log in to your Proton Pass account on your desktop. Instead of using a password, all you need is a fingerprint. As a login method, biometric password authentication is simple and safe. Biometrics are unique to every person and they’re difficult to steal or replicate, making them a secure login option. They’re also very convenient. They don’t require repeatedly entering long passwords, and they’re easy to use no matter your level of comfort with tech. To enable biometric authentication on your desktop app, go to your Settings , select Security , and you’ll see the option to choose biometric unlock. Proton Pass and the push for a more private internet Our mission has always been to build a privacy-first internet. We’re owned by a nonprofit , and when it comes to building new features, we only answer to you, our community. Since we don’t take money from venture investors or show ads, our only source of revenue is subscribers who upgrade to support our mission and get premium features. With Proton Pass, you can: Import your data from most popular password managers in a few minutes Easily generate secure passwords and passphrases Securely autosave logins Effortlessly sync across all your devices Protect your identity with hide-my-email aliases Log in easily with 2FA authentication and passkeys Use Pass Monitor and get dark web exposure notifications, password strength checks, inactive 2FA reminders, and more for enhanced protection Use Proton Sentinel , our security program powered by AI and human security analysts, to prevent anyone accessing your accounts even if they have your passwords Your digital identity deserves protecting, and with Proton Pass you can take your security into your own hands. Find out how to use Identities and set up biometric unlock for Windows , macOS , Android , and iOS . Share this page : (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) Copy link Son Nguyen Kim Son is the Founder of SimpleLogin, which he continues to work on, along with Proton Pass. Previously, he was the director of engineering at Workwell and CTO at Fitle. Son graduated from Ecole Polytechnique with an MSc in computer science and was a gold medalist at the International Mathematical Olympiad. Related articles Jul 15, 2026 For business How to conduct a password audit for your business Learn how to conduct a password audit with a step-by-step framework to identify weak passwords, risky access, and poor credential hygiene. Jul 15, 2026 Guides How ISPs track your online activity Learn what your ISP can see, how internet providers track you, and the steps you can take to protect your privacy. Jul 15, 2026 For business Keep communicating through any downtime with Proton’s business continuity solution Keep your team operational during outages with Proton Mail and Proton Meet: communication tools based in Switzerland. Jul 10, 2026 For business A GDPR compliance checklist for small and medium-sized businesses A detailed GDPR compliance checklist for SMEs. Follow this UK GDPR checklist to meet GDPR requirements and implement compliance controls. Jul 10, 2026 Guides How to turn off Face ID on iPhone — and when you should Is Face ID safe and should you turn it off? Learn how to turn off Face ID, when you should do it, and why you might want to. Jul 9, 2026 Guides What are the worst spyware apps — and how do you spot them? Spyware apps are designed to go undetected. Here are the 3 worst spy app types, how to detect them, and how to protect your device. Privacy by default (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) Proton AG Route de la Galaise 32 1228 Plan-les-Ouates Geneva, Switzerland Products Proton Mail Proton Calendar Proton Drive Proton VPN (new window) Proton Pass Proton Wallet Proton Docs Proton Sheets New Proton Authenticator Proton Meet New Lumo AI Standard Notes (new window) Simple Login (new window) Proton for Business Pricing Switch to Proton Products Proton Mail Proton Calendar Proton Drive Proton VPN (new window) Proton Pass Proton Wallet Proton Docs Proton Sheets New Proton Authenticator Proton Meet New Lumo AI Standard Notes (new window) Simple Login (new window) Proton for Business Pricing Switch to Proton Privacy Password generator Username generator Tor Open source Student discount Special reports Proton vs. competitors Privacy Password generator Username generator Tor Open source Student discount Special reports Proton vs. competitors Company About us Team Impact Proton Foundation Careers We’re hiring Shop (new window) Donate Blog Company About us Team Impact Proton Foundation Careers We’re hiring Shop (new window) Donate Blog Connect Social media Help and support Partners and affiliates Referral program Press and media Contact us Connect Social media Help and support Partners and affiliates Referral program Press and media Contact us English System status (new window) Report abuse Report a problem Report a security issue Request a feature (new window) English Privacy Policy Terms & conditions Transparency report © 2026 Proton AG. All rights reserved.