Personal Personal Business Business Download Discover Proton Discover Proton Resources Discover Proton Proton Choose an internet where your privacy comes first Create a free account Communicate and browse Email VPN (new window) Video conferencing Calendar Store, share, collaborate Cloud storage Docs Sheets Private AI AI assistant Security Password manager Two-factor authentication Bitcoin wallet More from Proton Hide-my-email aliases (new window) Encrypted notes (new window) Pricing Personal plans Get started Switch to Proton Discover Proton for Business Proton for Business Simple, encrypted solutions to protect your business Find your plan Secure business communication Business email Business VPN Business video conferencing Business calendar Protect your team files Business cloud storage Docs Sheets Confidential AI for professionals Business AI assistant Protect your business Identity Business password manager Industries Tech Healthcare Nonprofits News and media Pricing Business plans Business resources Trust center HIPAA GDPR Data breach observatory ISO 27001 Business blog Proton Mail Proton VPN Proton Drive Proton Pass Lumo AI Proton Calendar Proton Meet Proton Authenticator Proton Wallet Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Web app Web app (new window) Desktop client add-on Bridge Scan to get the mobile app Devices Windows (new window) macOS (new window) Linux (new window) Chromebook (new window) Android (new window) iOS (new window) Extensions Chrome (new window) Firefox (new window) Smart TV Android TV (new window) Apple TV (new window) Firestick (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps Windows macOS Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Devices Windows macOS Linux Android iOS Command line interface (new window) Extensions Chrome Safari Firefox Edge Brave Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Web app Web app (new window) Discover Proton Proton We believe a better world starts with privacy and digital freedom Discover Proton Company About us Impact Team Careers Proton Foundation Proton blog Privacy Open source Zero-access encryption Big Tech alternatives Connect Partners and affiliates Social media Media contact Contact us Get started with Proton Beginner video guides (new window) Learn about encryption Business resources Help center News Proton blog Product updates Reports and insights Investigative reports Proton VPN observatory (new window) Data breach observatory Tech fines tracker Europe’s tech sovereignty watch European alternatives Proton’s guide to AI Videos about privacy Mass surveillance explained (new window) How employers spy on you (new window) Should security cost your privacy (new window) How to disappear online (new window) See all videos (new window) Tools What is my IP address? (new window) Password generator Username generator PDF watermark Image watermark Create a free account Sign in Open menu Proton updates Latest News Guides Opinion For business Subscribe by RSS Search for blog posts Create account 2023 Proton Pass year in review – building a modern password manager Proton Pass Proton updates Son Nguyen Kim Published on December 29, 2023 Share this page : (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) Copy link As the year draws to a close, we want to take a moment to recap the massive changes Proton Pass, our encrypted password manager , has undergone in the past six months, and some of our plans for 2024. In just six months, the product has changed dramatically, and this is really thanks to the continuous feedback we have received from you. Building a modern password manager in 2023 In building Proton Pass, we had the advantage of starting with a clean sheet. Without the burden of legacy constraints, we could think creatively about how a password manager should work in 2023. Proton Pass is different from other password managers, and that is intentional. For those who come from other password managers, it won’t feel the same, and it might even take a little bit of time to get used to it. But after you use it a bit, most people begin to find that the user experience is simply better. The typical reaction is epitomized by the following user post: However, we know user experience isn’t everything; features also matter. And while Proton Pass has some unique features, such as integrated Hide-my-email aliases (new window) , when the service launched in June 2023, a number of features that might be important to power users were missing. So in the past six months, we have rigorously worked to eliminate the password manager feature gap. New features added to Proton Pass in 2023 While some commenters suggested it might take Proton years to close the feature gap, we have gotten there much faster than anticipated. In doing this, we benefited from the fact that the Proton Pass team is a combination of the SimpleLogin team with engineers from Proton. We were able to combine the agile startup mindset with deep expertise in security, reliability, and scalability. Here’s just a partial list of what we added to the Proton Pass password manager in the last six months: Support for custom fields for saved logins Password history (new window) — this allows you to see previously generated passwords, which can be particularly useful if the auto-save did not work for some reason. New week, new top-requested feature: 👉 Password history 👈 Easily keep track of changes to your logins over time. Now available in the #ProtonPass (new window) browser extension. Join our #Reddit (new window) community and tell us what we should work on next: https://t.co/YND4DrpDQ4 (new window) . pic.twitter.com/GmZ1NsYSSA (new window) — Proton Pass (@Proton_Pass) July 6, 2023 (new window) Credit card support (new window) — allowing you to securely store your credit cards for quick access. On Android, you can autofill credit card information, which is coming soon to the Proton Pass web extensions. On iOS, you can scan cards with the camera (new window) . PIN lock — an optional extra layer of protection that requires a PIN to be entered before using Pass. You’re automatically logged out after three PIN errors, which defeats any brute force attack. This allows you to have a short (and therefore easily memorable) PIN code while keeping a high level of security. Built-in 2FA authenticator with autofill support — you can store 2FA (TOTP) codes in Proton Pass and they are automatically autofilled when you log in to a website. Localization in 13 languages — Proton Pass is now available in French, German, Spanish, and many more languages. Proton Sentinel — Proton Pass Plus users can now benefit from Sentinel, which can protect your Proton Account even if an attacker has somehow stolen or obtained your password. Improved auto-save and autofill — this was completely revamped and a new version released. While it isn’t perfect (and may never be perfect), in our test suite of “tricky websites”, the latest version of Proton Pass now outperforms every other password manager we tested. Password pinning — you can now easily pin your most-used items to the top of the Proton Pass mobile apps (and coming soon to web) by long pressing the item and tapping the pin option. Secure password sharing — unlike some other password managers, we have made this feature completely open. You can share with anybody, even if they don’t have a paid account, and even if they don’t already use Proton Pass. Proton Pass on web — while Proton Pass has always had a web extension (new window) , a dedicated web app was a widespread community request, and now Proton Pass web is available at pass.proton.me for paid users (it will later be available for all users). More to come in 2024 In 2024, we plan to expand Proton Pass to even more platforms, with dedicated desktop apps for users who prefer not to use the web extension or the web app, and we plan to add support for the Safari browser via a dedicated Safari web extension. We will also improve the integration between Proton Pass and SimpleLogin so your email aliases on both services will automatically sync. Beyond that, we have many other exciting features planned that we will be announcing throughout the first half of the year. Thanks to your support, the Proton Pass team is expanding, and we expect to achieve even higher velocity in 2024 so that we can deliver even more to the community. As always, let us know what you would like to see from Proton Pass in 2024 on Twitter (new window) and Reddit (new window) , and we’ll make it happen. Share this page : (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) Copy link Son Nguyen Kim Son is the Founder of SimpleLogin, which he continues to work on, along with Proton Pass. Previously, he was the director of engineering at Workwell and CTO at Fitle. Son graduated from Ecole Polytechnique with an MSc in computer science and was a gold medalist at the International Mathematical Olympiad. Related articles Jul 15, 2026 For business How to conduct a password audit for your business Learn how to conduct a password audit with a step-by-step framework to identify weak passwords, risky access, and poor credential hygiene. Jul 15, 2026 Guides How ISPs track your online activity Learn what your ISP can see, how internet providers track you, and the steps you can take to protect your privacy. Jul 15, 2026 For business Keep communicating through any downtime with Proton’s business continuity solution Keep your team operational during outages with Proton Mail and Proton Meet: communication tools based in Switzerland. Jul 10, 2026 For business A GDPR compliance checklist for small and medium-sized businesses A detailed GDPR compliance checklist for SMEs. Follow this UK GDPR checklist to meet GDPR requirements and implement compliance controls. Jul 10, 2026 Guides How to turn off Face ID on iPhone — and when you should Is Face ID safe and should you turn it off? Learn how to turn off Face ID, when you should do it, and why you might want to. Jul 9, 2026 Guides What are the worst spyware apps — and how do you spot them? Spyware apps are designed to go undetected. Here are the 3 worst spy app types, how to detect them, and how to protect your device. Privacy by default (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) Proton AG Route de la Galaise 32 1228 Plan-les-Ouates Geneva, Switzerland Products Proton Mail Proton Calendar Proton Drive Proton VPN (new window) Proton Pass Proton Wallet Proton Docs Proton Sheets New Proton Authenticator Proton Meet New Lumo AI Standard Notes (new window) Simple Login (new window) Proton for Business Pricing Switch to Proton Products Proton Mail Proton Calendar Proton Drive Proton VPN (new window) Proton Pass Proton Wallet Proton Docs Proton Sheets New Proton Authenticator Proton Meet New Lumo AI Standard Notes (new window) Simple Login (new window) Proton for Business Pricing Switch to Proton Privacy Password generator Username generator Tor Open source Student discount Special reports Proton vs. competitors Privacy Password generator Username generator Tor Open source Student discount Special reports Proton vs. competitors Company About us Team Impact Proton Foundation Careers We’re hiring Shop (new window) Donate Blog Company About us Team Impact Proton Foundation Careers We’re hiring Shop (new window) Donate Blog Connect Social media Help and support Partners and affiliates Referral program Press and media Contact us Connect Social media Help and support Partners and affiliates Referral program Press and media Contact us English System status (new window) Report abuse Report a problem Report a security issue Request a feature (new window) English Privacy Policy Terms & conditions Transparency report © 2026 Proton AG. All rights reserved.