Personal Personal Business Business Download Discover Proton Discover Proton Resources Discover Proton Proton Choose an internet where your privacy comes first Create a free account Communicate and browse Email VPN (new window) Video conferencing Calendar Store, share, collaborate Cloud storage Docs Sheets Private AI AI assistant Security Password manager Two-factor authentication Bitcoin wallet More from Proton Hide-my-email aliases (new window) Encrypted notes (new window) Pricing Personal plans Get started Switch to Proton Discover Proton for Business Proton for Business Simple, encrypted solutions to protect your business Find your plan Secure business communication Business email Business VPN Business video conferencing Business calendar Protect your team files Business cloud storage Docs Sheets Confidential AI for professionals Business AI assistant Protect your business Identity Business password manager Industries Tech Healthcare Nonprofits News and media Pricing Business plans Business resources Trust center HIPAA GDPR Data breach observatory ISO 27001 Business blog Proton Mail Proton VPN Proton Drive Proton Pass Lumo AI Proton Calendar Proton Meet Proton Authenticator Proton Wallet Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Web app Web app (new window) Desktop client add-on Bridge Scan to get the mobile app Devices Windows (new window) macOS (new window) Linux (new window) Chromebook (new window) Android (new window) iOS (new window) Extensions Chrome (new window) Firefox (new window) Smart TV Android TV (new window) Apple TV (new window) Firestick (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps Windows macOS Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Devices Windows macOS Linux Android iOS Command line interface (new window) Extensions Chrome Safari Firefox Edge Brave Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Web app Web app (new window) Discover Proton Proton We believe a better world starts with privacy and digital freedom Discover Proton Company About us Impact Team Careers Proton Foundation Proton blog Privacy Open source Zero-access encryption Big Tech alternatives Connect Partners and affiliates Social media Media contact Contact us Get started with Proton Beginner video guides (new window) Learn about encryption Business resources Help center News Proton blog Product updates Reports and insights Investigative reports Proton VPN observatory (new window) Data breach observatory Tech fines tracker Europe’s tech sovereignty watch European alternatives Proton’s guide to AI Videos about privacy Mass surveillance explained (new window) How employers spy on you (new window) Should security cost your privacy (new window) How to disappear online (new window) See all videos (new window) Tools What is my IP address? (new window) Password generator Username generator PDF watermark Image watermark Create a free account Sign in Open menu Proton updates Latest News Guides Opinion For business Subscribe by RSS Search for blog posts Create account Proton Pass roadmap for spring Proton Pass Proton updates Son Nguyen Kim Published on April 9, 2025 Share this page : (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) Copy link Proton Pass helps you protect not just your online accounts but your online identity. From passwords and passkeys to built-in two-factor authentication and email aliases, it’s more than just an end-to-end encrypted password manager — it’s your first line of defense in the digital world. This past winter, we simplified sharing single items and made it easier to organize your vaults with drag-and-drop functionality between vaults and automatic clipboard clearing. We also added single sign-on (SSO) support to Proton Pass for Business, one of our most popular requests. This spring, we’re building on that progress. After reviewing feedback from the Proton Pass community, we’ve prioritized the following updates to make your life easier, your vaults more flexible, and your business more secure. What’s coming this spring Proton Pass is becoming more adaptable and streamlined, simplifying how you organize information without compromising on security. Life admin is simpler with file attachments Keeping track of essential documents is easier when everything is in one secure location. File attachments will be our first release of the spring, and it will allow you to attach multiple files (up to 100 MB) directly to any item in your vault. Store tax documents with the login to your government portal or keep backups of important documents like your passport, IDs, and other licenses — with secure file attachments, you can keep your information exactly where you need it. Be prepared for an emergency with emergency access Another highly requested feature is the ability to grant emergency access. You’ll be able to grant a family member or friend emergency access to your account in the event that you’re not able to access it. If for any reason, they need access to the information stored in your account, they’ll be able to do so. Custom items for better organization This spring, we’ll support more item types such as licenses and passports as well as enable you to create fully custom item types. This will make it easier for you to store items such as WiFi credentials, ATM PINs, and other information that doesn’t follow the standard username/password format, giving you more control over how you organize your vault. Autofill credit cards in a single tap We’ll expand Proton Pass’s autofill capabilities to include credit cards, making online checkouts faster and easier. You’ll be able to autofill credit card details, logins, 2FA codes, and information from your Identities with one tap, all from your encrypted vault. Continuing improvements You need to securely sign in to your accounts no matter what device you’re using, which means all the Proton Pass features you rely on must be available on all our apps. This spring, we’re focusing on updating our desktop and web apps and browser extensions with the convenient features you need. Autofill (desktop apps): We’re introducing auto-type, which lets Proton Pass populate your information in fields from any desktop app without copying and pasting. Biometric unlock (web app): You’ll be able to sign in to the Proton Pass web app using your device’s face or fingerprint ID, saving you time and adding an extra layer of security. We plan on adding biometric logins to our browser extensions this year as well. What’s next for Proton Pass for Business As more organizations move to Proton Pass, we’re providing better organization visibility, enhanced user management, and easier onboarding for teams. Improved oversight with reporting Admins will soon have access to two new reports: Pass Monitor report: See who’s using 2FA, identify who needs to update weak or reused passwords, and spot potential data breaches to stay ahead of risks. Usage report: See what data each employee has access to and their most recent activity so you can better manage permissions across your team. Smarter team organization with Group sharing Organizing your team members’ access is easier when you don’t have to manage them one by one. With Groups, you’ll be able to share easily with multiple users in a group. You’ll be able to create Groups to organize employees by role, department, or data clearance, and share at the Group level as well. Password protection that puts you first Like all Proton services, Proton Pass is designed to protect you and your privacy. We’re a mission-driven business looking to build a more private internet — and we couldn’t do it without the support of the Proton community. You guide the way we build our products. As we continue improving Proton Pass, we want to hear from you. Tell us how you use Proton Pass, what features matter most, and what you’d love to see next. You can connect with us on Reddit (new window) , UserVoice (new window) , or X. (new window) Together, we’ll make an internet where your identity is secure, and your privacy is protected by default. Share this page : (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) Copy link Son Nguyen Kim Son is the Founder of SimpleLogin, which he continues to work on, along with Proton Pass. Previously, he was the director of engineering at Workwell and CTO at Fitle. Son graduated from Ecole Polytechnique with an MSc in computer science and was a gold medalist at the International Mathematical Olympiad. Related articles Jul 15, 2026 For business How to conduct a password audit for your business Learn how to conduct a password audit with a step-by-step framework to identify weak passwords, risky access, and poor credential hygiene. Jul 15, 2026 Guides How ISPs track your online activity Learn what your ISP can see, how internet providers track you, and the steps you can take to protect your privacy. Jul 15, 2026 For business Keep communicating through any downtime with Proton’s business continuity solution Keep your team operational during outages with Proton Mail and Proton Meet: communication tools based in Switzerland. Jul 10, 2026 For business A GDPR compliance checklist for small and medium-sized businesses A detailed GDPR compliance checklist for SMEs. Follow this UK GDPR checklist to meet GDPR requirements and implement compliance controls. Jul 10, 2026 Guides How to turn off Face ID on iPhone — and when you should Is Face ID safe and should you turn it off? Learn how to turn off Face ID, when you should do it, and why you might want to. Jul 9, 2026 Guides What are the worst spyware apps — and how do you spot them? Spyware apps are designed to go undetected. Here are the 3 worst spy app types, how to detect them, and how to protect your device. Privacy by default (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) Proton AG Route de la Galaise 32 1228 Plan-les-Ouates Geneva, Switzerland Products Proton Mail Proton Calendar Proton Drive Proton VPN (new window) Proton Pass Proton Wallet Proton Docs Proton Sheets New Proton Authenticator Proton Meet New Lumo AI Standard Notes (new window) Simple Login (new window) Proton for Business Pricing Switch to Proton Products Proton Mail Proton Calendar Proton Drive Proton VPN (new window) Proton Pass Proton Wallet Proton Docs Proton Sheets New Proton Authenticator Proton Meet New Lumo AI Standard Notes (new window) Simple Login (new window) Proton for Business Pricing Switch to Proton Privacy Password generator Username generator Tor Open source Student discount Special reports Proton vs. competitors Privacy Password generator Username generator Tor Open source Student discount Special reports Proton vs. competitors Company About us Team Impact Proton Foundation Careers We’re hiring Shop (new window) Donate Blog Company About us Team Impact Proton Foundation Careers We’re hiring Shop (new window) Donate Blog Connect Social media Help and support Partners and affiliates Referral program Press and media Contact us Connect Social media Help and support Partners and affiliates Referral program Press and media Contact us System status (new window) Report abuse Report a problem Report a security issue Request a feature (new window) Privacy Policy Terms & conditions Transparency report © 2026 Proton AG. All rights reserved.