Personal Personal Business Business Download Discover Proton Discover Proton Resources Discover Proton Proton Choose an internet where your privacy comes first Create a free account Communicate and browse Email VPN (new window) Video conferencing Calendar Store, share, collaborate Cloud storage Docs Sheets Private AI AI assistant Security Password manager Two-factor authentication Bitcoin wallet More from Proton Hide-my-email aliases (new window) Encrypted notes (new window) Pricing Personal plans Get started Switch to Proton Discover Proton for Business Proton for Business Simple, encrypted solutions to protect your business Find your plan Secure business communication Business email Business VPN Business video conferencing Business calendar Protect your team files Business cloud storage Docs Sheets Confidential AI for professionals Business AI assistant Protect your business Identity Business password manager Industries Tech Healthcare Nonprofits News and media Pricing Business plans Business resources Trust center HIPAA GDPR Data breach observatory ISO 27001 Business blog Proton Mail Proton VPN Proton Drive Proton Pass Lumo AI Proton Calendar Proton Meet Proton Authenticator Proton Wallet Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Web app Web app (new window) Desktop client add-on Bridge Scan to get the mobile app Devices Windows (new window) macOS (new window) Linux (new window) Chromebook (new window) Android (new window) iOS (new window) Extensions Chrome (new window) Firefox (new window) Smart TV Android TV (new window) Apple TV (new window) Firestick (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps Windows macOS Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Devices Windows macOS Linux Android iOS Command line interface (new window) Extensions Chrome Safari Firefox Edge Brave Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Web app Web app (new window) Discover Proton Proton We believe a better world starts with privacy and digital freedom Discover Proton Company About us Impact Team Careers Proton Foundation Proton blog Privacy Open source Zero-access encryption Big Tech alternatives Connect Partners and affiliates Social media Media contact Contact us Get started with Proton Beginner video guides (new window) Learn about encryption Business resources Help center News Proton blog Product updates Reports and insights Investigative reports Proton VPN observatory (new window) Data breach observatory Tech fines tracker Europe’s tech sovereignty watch European alternatives Proton’s guide to AI Videos about privacy Mass surveillance explained (new window) How employers spy on you (new window) Should security cost your privacy (new window) How to disappear online (new window) See all videos (new window) Tools What is my IP address? (new window) Password generator Username generator PDF watermark Image watermark Create a free account Sign in Open menu Proton updates Latest News Guides Opinion For business Subscribe by RSS Search for blog posts Create account A new visual universe for Proton Company news Thibaud Eberwein Published on May 25, 2022 Share this page : (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) Copy link When Proton began in 2014, we only offered Proton Mail (new window) , which has grown into the largest encrypted email provider in the world. However, over the years, we have added more and more privacy-focused services to meet the needs of the community, starting with Proton VPN (new window) , then Proton Calendar (new window) , and most recently, Proton Drive (new window) . Over time, Proton Mail has become just Proton, and our individual privacy services have become building blocks of a unified privacy ecosystem. With this also comes a need to develop a unified visual language for the Proton universe. This helps address feedback we have received that the Proton apps lack a family resemblance. We have addressed this while staying connected to Proton’s history, story, and vision. Today, we want to share how Proton’s visual design is evolving for the future. A new universe An integral part of Proton’s mission is the notion of providing an alternative. Proton is more than a collection of privacy-focused services. It is also the belief that there’s another way to build an internet economy that is just and works for everyone. Our services aren’t just another tech product. They are a gateway to a new, better internet. Proton represents a parallel universe where your information is kept private. In the Proton universe, your data is sent to a secure place where you control what happens to it. Your data remains private, under your control, always. With this in mind, our new product icons are also portals that you can pass through to reach this better internet. An important part of bringing the Proton product icons together is creating a family resemblance. Each icon must have a similar size, weight, and design, which wasn’t possible with our former icons. We have also retained some elements from our former icons to keep a historical link. Proton VPN’s icon keeps its triangular shape, the corners of which originally represented the three countries that house Proton VPN’s Secure Core servers when viewed on a map. Similarly, Proton Mail’s new icon is based on the bottom half of the original Proton Mail padlock. We have also worked to achieve a family resemblance through the consistent use of Proton purple, which represents our privacy-focused universe. However, historically Proton products also had their own individual characteristics. For example, Proton VPN is well-known for its green color. For this reason, we have kept subtle accent colors for each product, reflecting that they also have individual identities, audiences, and communities. A new Proton logo Proton has always been well-known for our products. However, as the number of products we offer has grown, a strong notion of “Proton” has developed within our community. Thus, it is time that we give Proton itself a visual representation. Guiding us here is Proton’s mission of building a better internet where privacy is the default. Proton represents a better alternative to Big Tech. If you choose Proton, you are turning away from the path that has been laid out for you and boldly going in a different, better direction. The Proton “P” also has depth and dimensionality that alludes to the depth in the Proton product logos. Also guiding us is history, with encryption being the past, present, and future foundation of Proton services. The new Proton icon also alludes to encryption keys, which are part of the foundation for all our products. A new product name construction Together with the introduction of the new icons and logos for Proton and our products, we are also updating how we write the names of our products. Historically, we have written ProtonMail , but with the expansion of the Proton ecosystem to more and more services, it will now be written as Proton Mail . This change is necessary to bring consistency between all our services. Historically, Proton Calendar and Proton Drive were written as two words, while ProtonMail and ProtonVPN were one word. Moving to a two-word construction for all our products allows us to remain consistent as we introduce future products and aligns with our shift away from individual Proton products and toward Proton as a unified privacy ecosystem. This change reflects the one that has already begun within the Proton community. Our color universe The base color of Proton’s new visual system is a new Proton purple. Purple has historically been Proton’s color. When we launched the first version of Proton Mail in 2014, we used a darker, muted purple that has evolved throughout the years. Today, we are returning to our roots but updating our purple to be bolder and compatible with light and dark backgrounds. In addition to the new brand color and palette, we have introduced colors specific to each service: green for Proton VPN, blue for Proton Calendar, and red for Proton Drive. Every icon starts with the Proton purple and then fades into the service color. The aim here is to create an immersive, warm gradient and depth effect that help draw people into the secure, privacy-focused universe created by each service. Updated typography Proton has always been a different type of tech company, so we wanted to choose a brand and website font that would also defy the expectations of the tech world, which regularly favors bold, sans serif typography. We are building an internet that puts people first, so we felt our font should have a more human touch. A font that can be used to tell stories, a font with empathy and warmth that reflects how Proton is different. As a Swiss company, we have chosen the ABC Arizona Font designed by Elias Hanzer and produced by Dinamo Typefaces (new window) , a Swiss design agency based in Basel. ABC Arizona typography is human, elegant, and adaptable. It may be a detail, but we believe that this choice of a more humanistic font signals that we prioritize people in our design, our services, and our mission. We use two styles from the ABC Arizona family on the new Proton website: the Sans and the Flare. All our writing will use Sans, with its straightforward style and humanistic touch, while our headlines will use Flare, a nearly-but-not-quite sans typography that makes a bolder statement. A new visual identity for a new internet At Proton, we think of our design as a living thing that, like our ecosystem of services, will never stop evolving. And like everything that we do, its direction will be guided by your input and feedback. The creation of Proton’s first unified design system is more than a simple visual update. It is a recognition that as the Proton community has expanded, design is as important as technical excellence. An appealing, easy-to-use, simple-to-understand design is essential if we want to make privacy truly accessible to everyone. Today, we’re excited to take this bold first step. Going forward, we will continue to be innovative and push our boundaries while always putting the Proton community at the center of our design improvements. Share this page : (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) Copy link Thibaud Eberwein Thibaud is the Head of Growth Studio & Creative at Proton. With 15+ years in growth and design leadership, he helps scale teams and shape impactful brand & digital experiences. He joined Proton to advance the rights of online privacy and freedom. Related articles Jul 15, 2026 For business How to conduct a password audit for your business Learn how to conduct a password audit with a step-by-step framework to identify weak passwords, risky access, and poor credential hygiene. Jul 15, 2026 Guides How ISPs track your online activity Learn what your ISP can see, how internet providers track you, and the steps you can take to protect your privacy. Jul 15, 2026 For business Keep communicating through any downtime with Proton’s business continuity solution Keep your team operational during outages with Proton Mail and Proton Meet: communication tools based in Switzerland. Jul 10, 2026 For business A GDPR compliance checklist for small and medium-sized businesses A detailed GDPR compliance checklist for SMEs. Follow this UK GDPR checklist to meet GDPR requirements and implement compliance controls. Jul 10, 2026 Guides How to turn off Face ID on iPhone — and when you should Is Face ID safe and should you turn it off? Learn how to turn off Face ID, when you should do it, and why you might want to. Jul 9, 2026 Guides What are the worst spyware apps — and how do you spot them? Spyware apps are designed to go undetected. Here are the 3 worst spy app types, how to detect them, and how to protect your device. Privacy by default (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) Proton AG Route de la Galaise 32 1228 Plan-les-Ouates Geneva, Switzerland Products Proton Mail Proton Calendar Proton Drive Proton VPN (new window) Proton Pass Proton Wallet Proton Docs Proton Sheets New Proton Authenticator Proton Meet New Lumo AI Standard Notes (new window) Simple Login (new window) Proton for Business Pricing Switch to Proton Products Proton Mail Proton Calendar Proton Drive Proton VPN (new window) Proton Pass Proton Wallet Proton Docs Proton Sheets New Proton Authenticator Proton Meet New Lumo AI Standard Notes (new window) Simple Login (new window) Proton for Business Pricing Switch to Proton Privacy Password generator Username generator Tor Open source Student discount Special reports Proton vs. competitors Privacy Password generator Username generator Tor Open source Student discount Special reports Proton vs. competitors Company About us Team Impact Proton Foundation Careers We’re hiring Shop (new window) Donate Blog Company About us Team Impact Proton Foundation Careers We’re hiring Shop (new window) Donate Blog Connect Social media Help and support Partners and affiliates Referral program Press and media Contact us Connect Social media Help and support Partners and affiliates Referral program Press and media Contact us English System status (new window) Report abuse Report a problem Report a security issue Request a feature (new window) English Privacy Policy Terms & conditions Transparency report © 2026 Proton AG. All rights reserved.