Personal Personal Business Business Download Discover Proton Discover Proton Resources Discover Proton Proton Choose an internet where your privacy comes first Create a free account Communicate and browse Email VPN (new window) Video conferencing Calendar Store, share, collaborate Cloud storage Docs Sheets Private AI AI assistant Security Password manager Two-factor authentication Bitcoin wallet More from Proton Hide-my-email aliases (new window) Encrypted notes (new window) Pricing Personal plans Get started Switch to Proton Discover Proton for Business Proton for Business Simple, encrypted solutions to protect your business Find your plan Secure business communication Business email Business VPN Business video conferencing Business calendar Protect your team files Business cloud storage Docs Sheets Confidential AI for professionals Business AI assistant Protect your business Identity Business password manager Industries Tech Healthcare Nonprofits News and media Pricing Business plans Business resources Trust center HIPAA GDPR Data breach observatory ISO 27001 Business blog Proton Mail Proton VPN Proton Drive Proton Pass Lumo AI Proton Calendar Proton Meet Proton Authenticator Proton Wallet Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Web app Web app (new window) Desktop client add-on Bridge Scan to get the mobile app Devices Windows (new window) macOS (new window) Linux (new window) Chromebook (new window) Android (new window) iOS (new window) Extensions Chrome (new window) Firefox (new window) Smart TV Android TV (new window) Apple TV (new window) Firestick (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps Windows macOS Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Devices Windows macOS Linux Android iOS Command line interface (new window) Extensions Chrome Safari Firefox Edge Brave Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Web app Web app (new window) Discover Proton Proton We believe a better world starts with privacy and digital freedom Discover Proton Company About us Impact Team Careers Proton Foundation Proton blog Privacy Open source Zero-access encryption Big Tech alternatives Connect Partners and affiliates Social media Media contact Contact us Get started with Proton Beginner video guides (new window) Learn about encryption Business resources Help center News Proton blog Product updates Reports and insights Investigative reports Proton VPN observatory (new window) Data breach observatory Tech fines tracker Europe’s tech sovereignty watch European alternatives Proton’s guide to AI Videos about privacy Mass surveillance explained (new window) How employers spy on you (new window) Should security cost your privacy (new window) How to disappear online (new window) See all videos (new window) Tools What is my IP address? (new window) Password generator Username generator PDF watermark Image watermark Create a free account Sign in Open menu Proton updates Latest News Guides Opinion For business Subscribe by RSS Search for blog posts Create account The story behind the Proton Pass logo Proton Pass Proton updates Thibaud Eberwein Published on April 26, 2023 Share this page : (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) Copy link You’ve probably seen by now that Proton Pass , our new password manager, was added to the Proton ecosystem. Earlier this month, Proton Pass entered public beta for Proton community members on our Lifetime and Visionary plans, and with it came a brand-new logo. Proton Pass allows us to fulfill a longstanding demand from the Proton community, and it will enable more people to protect more of their information. We’ve shared the story behind why we built Proton Pass and how its encryption works — now we’d like to share the design story behind Proton’s newest logo. The diamond An often-underestimated part of product design is picking a product name and logo. While it seems like a trivial point, it can be as important to the success of a product as the technical details. With Proton Pass, we knew we wanted to keep Pass in the name to make it clear what the product does and align it with the Proton ecosystem’s naming principles. The logo, on the other hand, took much longer and involved numerous iterations. In total, Proton’s in-house creative studio spent nearly three months researching and building concepts, focusing on what it means to be a good password manager. This led us to our final diamond concept. A password manager must be hardened , particularly its cryptography, to protect against cyberattacks. As one of the hardest substances known to man, a diamond seemed appropriate. Your passwords are inherently precious since they let you access your most sensitive and valuable accounts. A diamond similarly conveys this feeling of preciousness. It’s something worth protecting, just like your passwords. The Proton Pass logo isn’t just a diamond; it also represents a keyhole . Passwords are the keys to your life, and with Proton Pass, you can not only keep your passwords safe, you can also safely access and (in the future) share them. In the same way that the other Proton product logos represent a portal into a parallel universe that’s secure and private, passing through the Proton Pass keyhole takes you to a safe and private place to store your personal information, maintaining consistency with the rest of the Proton logos. Discover the story behind Proton’s logos A scalable design Proton Pass is unique among Proton products in that the logo must be recognizable across multiple scales. The logo isn’t just used as a large application icon on your device’s home screen. It must also appear in small web forms, such as username and password fields. This requires a design that can keep its integrity across a wide range of resolutions, which is a challenge because small details and features can quickly become lost as you scale the graphics down. This was another factor that led to our selection of the diamond because it works on multiple scales and remains distinct from other Proton product logos. Color scale Like our other product icons, Proton Pass starts with the Proton purple, a call back to the purple used in the Proton Mail beta from 2014. It then fades into a secondary yellow-orange color unique to Pass, maintaining the Proton ecosystem style. Proton Pass’s color universe references a sunset to convey the well-being, comfort, and security that we hope will accompany Proton Pass users through their journey online. Design for the future The Proton Pass logo has a strong family resemblance to the rest of the Proton logos. However, for long-time members of the Proton community, Proton Pass’s look and feel probably stand slightly apart. The details make it clear Pass is part of Proton, but it also doesn’t look like any other Proton app that has come before. This isn’t an accident, and we look forward to sharing why that is the case later this year. As always, we’d love to hear your thoughts. You can join the conversation at reddit.com/r/ProtonPass (new window) . Share this page : (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) Copy link Thibaud Eberwein Thibaud is the Head of Growth Studio & Creative at Proton. With 15+ years in growth and design leadership, he helps scale teams and shape impactful brand & digital experiences. He joined Proton to advance the rights of online privacy and freedom. Related articles Jul 15, 2026 For business How to conduct a password audit for your business Learn how to conduct a password audit with a step-by-step framework to identify weak passwords, risky access, and poor credential hygiene. Jul 15, 2026 Guides How ISPs track your online activity Learn what your ISP can see, how internet providers track you, and the steps you can take to protect your privacy. Jul 15, 2026 For business Keep communicating through any downtime with Proton’s business continuity solution Keep your team operational during outages with Proton Mail and Proton Meet: communication tools based in Switzerland. Jul 10, 2026 For business A GDPR compliance checklist for small and medium-sized businesses A detailed GDPR compliance checklist for SMEs. Follow this UK GDPR checklist to meet GDPR requirements and implement compliance controls. Jul 10, 2026 Guides How to turn off Face ID on iPhone — and when you should Is Face ID safe and should you turn it off? Learn how to turn off Face ID, when you should do it, and why you might want to. Jul 9, 2026 Guides What are the worst spyware apps — and how do you spot them? Spyware apps are designed to go undetected. Here are the 3 worst spy app types, how to detect them, and how to protect your device. Privacy by default (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) Proton AG Route de la Galaise 32 1228 Plan-les-Ouates Geneva, Switzerland Products Proton Mail Proton Calendar Proton Drive Proton VPN (new window) Proton Pass Proton Wallet Proton Docs Proton Sheets New Proton Authenticator Proton Meet New Lumo AI Standard Notes (new window) Simple Login (new window) Proton for Business Pricing Switch to Proton Products Proton Mail Proton Calendar Proton Drive Proton VPN (new window) Proton Pass Proton Wallet Proton Docs Proton Sheets New Proton Authenticator Proton Meet New Lumo AI Standard Notes (new window) Simple Login (new window) Proton for Business Pricing Switch to Proton Privacy Password generator Username generator Tor Open source Student discount Special reports Proton vs. competitors Privacy Password generator Username generator Tor Open source Student discount Special reports Proton vs. competitors Company About us Team Impact Proton Foundation Careers We’re hiring Shop (new window) Donate Blog Company About us Team Impact Proton Foundation Careers We’re hiring Shop (new window) Donate Blog Connect Social media Help and support Partners and affiliates Referral program Press and media Contact us Connect Social media Help and support Partners and affiliates Referral program Press and media Contact us English System status (new window) Report abuse Report a problem Report a security issue Request a feature (new window) English Privacy Policy Terms & conditions Transparency report © 2026 Proton AG. All rights reserved.