Personal Personal Business Business Download Discover Proton Discover Proton Resources Discover Proton Proton Choose an internet where your privacy comes first Create a free account Communicate and browse Email VPN (new window) Video conferencing Calendar Store, share, collaborate Cloud storage Docs Sheets Private AI AI assistant Security Password manager Two-factor authentication Bitcoin wallet More from Proton Hide-my-email aliases (new window) Encrypted notes (new window) Pricing Personal plans Get started Switch to Proton Discover Proton for Business Proton for Business Simple, encrypted solutions to protect your business Find your plan Secure business communication Business email Business VPN Business video conferencing Business calendar Protect your team files Business cloud storage Docs Sheets Confidential AI for professionals Business AI assistant Protect your business Identity Business password manager Industries Tech Healthcare Nonprofits News and media Pricing Business plans Business resources Trust center HIPAA GDPR Data breach observatory ISO 27001 Business blog Proton Mail Proton VPN Proton Drive Proton Pass Lumo AI Proton Calendar Proton Meet Proton Authenticator Proton Wallet Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Web app Web app (new window) Desktop client add-on Bridge Scan to get the mobile app Devices Windows (new window) macOS (new window) Linux (new window) Chromebook (new window) Android (new window) iOS (new window) Extensions Chrome (new window) Firefox (new window) Smart TV Android TV (new window) Apple TV (new window) Firestick (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps Windows macOS Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Devices Windows macOS Linux Android iOS Command line interface (new window) Extensions Chrome Safari Firefox Edge Brave Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Web app Web app (new window) Discover Proton Proton We believe a better world starts with privacy and digital freedom Discover Proton Company About us Impact Team Careers Proton Foundation Proton blog Privacy Open source Zero-access encryption Big Tech alternatives Connect Partners and affiliates Social media Media contact Contact us Get started with Proton Beginner video guides (new window) Learn about encryption Business resources Help center News Proton blog Product updates Reports and insights Investigative reports Proton VPN observatory (new window) Data breach observatory Tech fines tracker Europe’s tech sovereignty watch European alternatives Proton’s guide to AI Videos about privacy Mass surveillance explained (new window) How employers spy on you (new window) Should security cost your privacy (new window) How to disappear online (new window) See all videos (new window) Tools What is my IP address? (new window) Password generator Username generator PDF watermark Image watermark Create a free account Sign in Open menu Proton updates Latest News Guides Opinion For business Subscribe by RSS Search for blog posts Create account Introducing Proton Authenticator – secure 2FA, your way Company news Son Nguyen Kim Published on July 31, 2025 Share this page : (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) Copy link Secure passwords are the first layer of security for your online accounts, but they’re not enough on their own to keep you safe from data leaks and hackers. That’s where your 2FA app comes in. Two-factor authentication adds a second layer of defense when logging in to your accounts. It’s a universally recommended way to keep your accounts secure. Today we’re introducing Proton Authenticator, a free 2FA app that gives you more flexibility than other authenticators, along with strong encryption from a trusted team. Proton Authenticator is open source like all our apps, available for every device (including desktop!), and lets you import all your existing 2FA tokens in seconds. Download Proton Authenticator Proton Authenticator is available now for free on iOS, Android, macOS, Windows, and Linux. Redefining 2FA to give you more control The increasing menace of account takeover attacks costs people and businesses tens of billions of dollars (new window) every year. Unlike other kinds of cyber threats, this one is relatively simple to prevent — just enable 2FA on your accounts. With 2FA, you’ll enter a second piece of information in addition to your password when logging in to an account. Typically that info is a six-digit code generated by your authenticator app. Even if someone has your password, they can’t gain access to your account. While SMS authentication codes are another common option, this leaves you vulnerable to sim swapping attacks . An authenticator app is much more difficult for hackers to crack because it generates codes locally on your device, and each code expires after 30 seconds. While there are many 2FA apps available, the majority are closed source, rely on ads and trackers, and don’t offer end-to-end encrypted 2FA backups, making them a choice filled with compromise for the Proton community . Some of them don’t even support data export, so you are trapped forever in a bad app that might eventually disappear. We wanted to offer a no-compromise choice. Proton Authenticator gives you peace of mind and the freedom to use your 2FA codes however you want, wherever you want. You can use Proton Authenticator to: Access your 2FA codes on mobile and desktop apps, even offline. Sync your 2FA codes to all your devices with end-to-end encryption. Enable automatic backups for peace of mind Easily import from other 2FA apps, or export from Proton Authenticator. Protect your account with biometrics or a PIN code. Like all Proton services, Proton Authenticator is open source , so it’s verifiably secure and private. See how Proton Authenticator compares Proton Authenticator protects your accounts with best-in-class security for free, whether you have a Proton Account or not. You can sign in to your Proton Account or use iCloud sync if you want to sync your codes between multiple devices, or you can keep your codes locally on one device. It’s a greater level of flexibility than many other 2FA apps available. Here’s how Proton Authenticator compares with other popular 2FA apps: Proton Authenticator will always be free to use on desktop and mobile apps so everyone in the world can protect their data. It’s the same reason we offer basic encrypted email, VPN, and other services for free — privacy is a right. Proton Pass or Authenticator? Choose the right 2FA for you No one understands your online habits or security needs better than you — that’s why we give you the power to choose how to secure your accounts. We created Proton Authenticator even though Proton Pass already has a built-in 2FA authenticator feature so that you can choose a tool that works for you, regardless of your threat model. For convenience: Proton Pass lets you autofill your 2FA codes with your passwords, making logins faster and easier. For advanced security: Proton Authenticator generates your 2FA codes in a separate, end-to-end encrypted app. This adds an extra layer of security and protects against sophisticated attacks. It also gives you a standalone app you can use to set up 2FA for your Proton Account. Whether you manage dozens of accounts daily or need a high-security setup, Proton has a privacy-first, easy-to-use solution for you. Built on trust, not surveillance We’re building a private internet thanks to the support and dedication of our community. Starting in 2014 with Proton Mail, the world’s largest encrypted email service, you can now protect even more of your data with end-to-end encryption using Proton VPN (new window) , Proton Drive , Proton Pass — and now Proton Authenticator . People and privacy will always come first because our primary shareholder is the nonprofit Proton Foundation , whose mission is to defend the digital rights of our community. Proton Authenticator will make it easier for everyone to log in to their online accounts securely, a vital step in making the internet a safer place. As we roll it out, your feedback is essential for helping us build the most useful tool for you: Let us know how Proton Authenticator works for you on UserVoice (new window) , X (new window) , or Reddit (new window) . Download Proton Authenticator Learn more about two-factor authentication Learn more about how to use Proton Authenticator Share this page : (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) Copy link Son Nguyen Kim Son is the Founder of SimpleLogin, which he continues to work on, along with Proton Pass. Previously, he was the director of engineering at Workwell and CTO at Fitle. Son graduated from Ecole Polytechnique with an MSc in computer science and was a gold medalist at the International Mathematical Olympiad. Related articles Jul 15, 2026 For business How to conduct a password audit for your business Learn how to conduct a password audit with a step-by-step framework to identify weak passwords, risky access, and poor credential hygiene. Jul 15, 2026 Guides How ISPs track your online activity Learn what your ISP can see, how internet providers track you, and the steps you can take to protect your privacy. Jul 15, 2026 For business Keep communicating through any downtime with Proton’s business continuity solution Keep your team operational during outages with Proton Mail and Proton Meet: communication tools based in Switzerland. Jul 10, 2026 For business A GDPR compliance checklist for small and medium-sized businesses A detailed GDPR compliance checklist for SMEs. Follow this UK GDPR checklist to meet GDPR requirements and implement compliance controls. Jul 10, 2026 Guides How to turn off Face ID on iPhone — and when you should Is Face ID safe and should you turn it off? Learn how to turn off Face ID, when you should do it, and why you might want to. Jul 9, 2026 Guides What are the worst spyware apps — and how do you spot them? Spyware apps are designed to go undetected. Here are the 3 worst spy app types, how to detect them, and how to protect your device. Privacy by default (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) Proton AG Route de la Galaise 32 1228 Plan-les-Ouates Geneva, Switzerland Products Proton Mail Proton Calendar Proton Drive Proton VPN (new window) Proton Pass Proton Wallet Proton Docs Proton Sheets New Proton Authenticator Proton Meet New Lumo AI Standard Notes (new window) Simple Login (new window) Proton for Business Pricing Switch to Proton Products Proton Mail Proton Calendar Proton Drive Proton VPN (new window) Proton Pass Proton Wallet Proton Docs Proton Sheets New Proton Authenticator Proton Meet New Lumo AI Standard Notes (new window) Simple Login (new window) Proton for Business Pricing Switch to Proton Privacy Password generator Username generator Tor Open source Student discount Special reports Proton vs. competitors Privacy Password generator Username generator Tor Open source Student discount Special reports Proton vs. competitors Company About us Team Impact Proton Foundation Careers We’re hiring Shop (new window) Donate Blog Company About us Team Impact Proton Foundation Careers We’re hiring Shop (new window) Donate Blog Connect Social media Help and support Partners and affiliates Referral program Press and media Contact us Connect Social media Help and support Partners and affiliates Referral program Press and media Contact us English System status (new window) Report abuse Report a problem Report a security issue Request a feature (new window) English Privacy Policy Terms & conditions Transparency report © 2026 Proton AG. All rights reserved.