Personal Personal Business Business Pricing Download Download Discover Proton Discover Proton Discover Proton Pass Proton Pass The best free password manager Create a free account Features Security Hide-my-email aliases Dark web monitor Secure sharing File attachments Passkeys Resources Proton Pass news Password manager comparison Tools Password generator Username generator Password strength tester Passphrase generator Pricing Personal plans Support Proton Pass support Proton Pass updates Privacy guides Discover Proton Pass for Business Proton Pass Stop breaches before they start Find your plan Company size Enterprises Small businesses Teams IT departments Features All features Security Trust center HIPAA GDPR ISO 27001 Resources Business blog Partners Data breach observatory Data breach cost calculator Comparison pages All resources Pricing Business plans Support Support for business Download Proton Pass Scan to get the mobile app Devices Windows macOS Linux Android iOS Command line interface (new window) Extensions Chrome Safari Firefox Edge Brave Web app Web app (new window) Discover Proton Proton We believe a better world starts with privacy and digital freedom Create a free account Communicate and browse Email VPN (new window) Video conferencing Calendar Store, share, collaborate Cloud storage Docs Sheets Private AI AI assistant Security Password manager Two-factor authenticator Bitcoin wallet More from Proton Hide-my-email aliases (new window) Encrypted notes (new window) Get started Personal plans Business plans Company About us Impact Social media Open source Team Careers Proton Foundation Proton blog Get Proton Pass Sign in Open menu The best free password manager Securely store, share, and autofill your credentials with Proton Pass, the end-to-end encrypted password manager trusted by millions. For individuals For business Trusted by over 100 million users and organizations Average app rating Personal Take control of your digital world. Keep your passwords safe and sign in instantly with autofill across every device. Create a free account Business Empower your team to work securely. Manage credentials, control access, and safeguard your organization. Get Pass for Business Never expose your real email again Use unique email aliases for shopping, accounts, and newsletters to stop spam and spot leaks fast. Proton Pass's aliases forward emails to your inbox while keeping your real address hidden. Create a free account Enterprise‑level security for everyday life Protected by end-to-end encryption View details Protect passwords, passkeys, and credit cards with zero-knowledge, end-to-end encryption. That means no one else, not even Proton can access your sensitive information unless you share them. Log in faster with autofill View details Save time, reduce errors, and improve team efficiency by automatically completing login forms across websites and apps. No need to copy and paste. Access your data from anywhere View details Securely sign in on mobile devices, laptops, or browsers. Proton Pass syncs across devices, ensuring seamless access to credentials wherever you need them. Safeguard team collaboration View details Empower your distributed or remote workforce, eliminate information silos with secure and seamless access with credential sharing. Stay ahead of threats View details Proton Pass monitors the dark web for credential leaks so you can prevent damage from data breaches. Create a free account Start Business trial Proton Pass pricing and plans Individuals | Businesses 1 month 12 Months Proton Free /month Proton Free No credit card required Unlimited logins, notes and credit cards Unlimited devices Browser, mobile, and desktop apps Password generator 10 hide-my-email aliases Alerts for weak and reused passwords Passkeys supported on all devices Easy password import Recommended undefined% off Pass Plus /month Get Pass Plus Get everything in Free, plus: Unlimited hide-my-email aliases Built-in 2FA authenticator Secure vault sharing Secure link sharing Dark Web Monitoring File attachment Advanced account protection Emergency Access More information Grant permission to trusted contacts to securely access your Proton Account in an emergency, after a set period of time. Your custom domain for aliases More information Bring your own domain to create aliases like contact@your-domain.com. Additional mailboxes for aliases More information Emails sent to an alias can be forwarded to several mailboxes. Initiate an email from your alias More information You will be able to send emails from your alias to someone that has never contacted you before. Command line interface (CLI) More information Access Proton Pass securely from the terminal, ideal for scripting, automation, and development workflows. Billed at $0.00 every month. undefined% off Proton Unlimited /month Get Proton Unlimited The best of Proton with one subscription: Proton Pass More information Secure logins on all your devices. Includes unlimited hide-my-email aliases, sharing, integrated 2FA, Dark Web Monitoring and more. Proton Mail More information Secure your emails with end-to-end encryption. Includes 15 email addresses, support for custom email domains, unlimited hide-my-email aliases and more. Proton Calendar More information Protect your schedule with an encrypted calendar. Includes support for up to 25 calendars, shared calendars, event color-coding and more. Proton VPN More information Access blocked content and browse privately. Includes 13000+ servers across 140+ countries, 10 devices, high-speed streaming, ad-blocker and malware protection, VPN Accelerator and more. Proton Drive More information Secure your files with encrypted cloud storage. Includes online document editor, photo backup, version history, encrypted file sharing, and more. Billed at $0.00 every month. 30-day money-back guarantee Compare with: empty Bitwarden 1Password Dashlane Proton Pass vs BitWarden vs 1Password vs Dashlane Zero knowledge encryption Yes Yes Yes Yes Integrated 2FA Yes Yes Yes Yes Securely share vaults Yes No Yes Yes Hide-my-email aliases Yes Yes Yes Yes Single item sharing Yes No No Yes Advanced account protection Yes No No No Full privacy ecosystem Yes No No No Unlimited passwords Yes Yes No No Free account Trusted by over 100 million people and businesses ZDNET “Best free password manager for privacy. Proton Pass is a well-designed and highly secure password manager with a handful of unique features.” Linus Tech Tips "Proton has a password manager that got really good, and really quickly. It has support for making burner emails, or aliases, two-factor support, passkey support, and recently, gained the ability to lock your account with a different password than your account password." Digital Trends "Overall, I'd recommend Proton Pass as the best password manager, especially if you're looking for a free or low-cost paid plan that's the most intuitive and offers the easiest sharing." Discover our Trust Center Built to stop breaches before they start Protect emails with aliases Automatically create unique email aliases to safeguard corporate addresses, reduce spam, and block phishing attempts. Simplify two-factor authentication Securely store, autofill, and display 2FA codes for your team, saving time while keeping accounts protected. Safely share sensitive information Send passwords, notes, or credit cards individually or in encrypted digital containers, without losing control of your data. Organize information in one place Attach files or documents to your stored credentials so that you can access account-related information quickly and securely. Stay alert to data breaches Receive immediate notifications if your credentials appear in a third-party data leak, enabling rapid action to protect business data. Reduce risks with passkeys Log in securely with phishing-resistant passkeys and enjoy a safer online experience without traditional passwords. Support compliance and reporting Monitor usage, flag potential risks, and track your team’s activity to ensure everyone meets your business’s security standards. Streamline access with SSO Log in to Proton Pass and all your business tools using a single password, simplifying your team’s workflow and reducing password fatigue. Define and enforce security policies Protect business data by controlling what can be shared outside your network and enforcing your own cybersecurity standards. Create a free account Start Business trial Switch in one click Easily import passwords from your browser or any existing password manager to Proton Pass. Get started Trusted by teams to stay secure with ease Elemnta, Australia 50-200 employees “It's really the activity logs that are important for me, and the granular control. The shift to using Proton Pass has greatly benefited us.” View case study GILAI, Switzerland Managing IT of 1000+ employees "We needed a password manager that would be easy to use for the end user and easy to manage for the administrator. I didn't need to do any specific documentation, or any demo except for the provisioning of the account because it's really, really user friendly." View case study Novalytica AG, Switzerland 11-50 employees "Onboarding was very easy. Everyone is using it and it works, and no one wants to go back to writing passwords by hand in a sheet or in a notebook." View case study Morning 350 employees I wanted the UX to be beautiful. I think it's important that when you migrate 300 or 400 users, you should choose a solution that isn't too difficult to use or unpleasant to look at. I think it's important for commercial teams to have something user-friendly. That was the case with Proton Pass. View case study SPIE 55,000 employees Using secure links to facilitate temporary external sharing is a use case that we have a lot, and it's helping us. View case study Previous slide Next slide Frequently asked questions What is a password manager? View details A password manager is computer software or an app on your device where you can securely store your logins and passwords, making it faster and easier to use the internet. Using a password manager means you don’t have to remember multiple passwords or keep them written down anywhere. It protects your information by encrypting it so that no one else can access it, and helps you create unique passwords to protect yourself online. Is Proton Pass secure? View details Proton Pass protects your passwords with proven end-to-end encryption technology, so your data isn’t available to anyone but you. Everything you save, including your usernames, web addresses, and passwords are protected. Learn more about the security behind Pass . I already use my browser to remember my passwords (Chrome, iCloud Keychain, etc.). Why is Proton Pass better? View details Chrome and iCloud Keychain can store and autofill passwords, but Proton Pass is a real password manager that does much more: you can organize your logins and passwords into vaults and share passwords with secure links. You can also create identities by saving details such as your name, address, and passport details, making it easier to shop online and fill out forms. Pass also works cross-platform – you don’t have to use a specific operating system or device to install it. That means you can access your account easily and autosync your passwords and logins from any of your devices. Does Proton Pass work on my iPhone or Android phone? View details Proton Pass is available on iOS and Android. It’s also available on Windows, macOS, Linux, a web app (new window) , and extensions for all major browsers. I already use another password manager. How can I easily switch to Proton Pass? View details It only takes a few clicks to start using Pass: create a Proton Pass account transfer all your existing passwords from your previous password manager by exporting them as a CSV import all of your logins and passwords directly into Proton Pass. How does Proton Pass improve business security? View details Proton Pass increases the account security for your entire organization by making it easier for your employees to create and remember strong, unique passwords and use 2FA on all their accounts. It also encrypts your passwords and other sensitive information using end-to-end encryption, keeping them secure even in the event of a data breach. Additionally, admins have more control with a password manager, including the ability to manage and monitor users, giving them visibility into the/ organization’s security. How does Proton Pass improve your team’s productivity? View details Proton Pass simplifies account security for your team by streaming secure password creation and 2FA implementation. It makes it very simple for your team to follow the standard IT security protocols, allowing them to focus on what they do best. Proton Pass is quick, easy to use, and provides advanced protection. It is the single tool solution for your business’s passwords. Privacy by default (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) Proton AG Route de la Galaise 32 1228 Plan-les-Ouates Geneva, Switzerland Products Proton Mail Proton Calendar Proton Drive Proton VPN (new window) Proton Pass Proton Wallet Proton Docs Proton Sheets New Proton Authenticator Proton Meet New Lumo AI Standard Notes (new window) Simple Login (new window) Proton for Business Pricing Switch to Proton Products Proton Mail Proton Calendar Proton Drive Proton VPN (new window) Proton Pass Proton Wallet Proton Docs Proton Sheets New Proton Authenticator Proton Meet New Lumo AI Standard Notes (new window) Simple Login (new window) Proton for Business Pricing Switch to Proton Privacy Password generator Username generator Tor Open source Student discount Special reports Proton vs. competitors Privacy Password generator Username generator Tor Open source Student discount Special reports Proton vs. competitors Company About us Team Impact Proton Foundation Careers We’re hiring Shop (new window) Donate Blog Company About us Team Impact Proton Foundation Careers We’re hiring Shop (new window) Donate Blog Connect Social media Help and support Partners and affiliates Referral program Press and media Contact us Connect Social media Help and support Partners and affiliates Referral program Press and media Contact us English System status (new window) Report abuse Report a problem Report a security issue Request a feature (new window) English Privacy Policy Terms & conditions Transparency report © 2026 Proton AG. All rights reserved.