Personal Personal Business Business Pricing Download Download Discover Proton Discover Proton Discover Proton Pass Proton Pass The best free password manager Create a free account Features Security Hide-my-email aliases Dark web monitor Secure sharing File attachments Passkeys Resources Proton Pass news Password manager comparison Tools Password generator Username generator Password strength tester Passphrase generator Pricing Personal plans Support Proton Pass support Proton Pass updates Privacy guides Discover Proton Pass for Business Proton Pass Stop breaches before they start Find your plan Company size Enterprises Small businesses Teams IT departments Features All features Security Trust center HIPAA GDPR ISO 27001 Resources Business blog Partners Data breach observatory Data breach cost calculator Comparison pages All resources Pricing Business plans Support Support for business Download Proton Pass Scan to get the mobile app Devices Windows macOS Linux Android iOS Command line interface (new window) Extensions Chrome Safari Firefox Edge Brave Web app Web app (new window) Discover Proton Proton We believe a better world starts with privacy and digital freedom Create a free account Communicate and browse Email VPN (new window) Video conferencing Calendar Store, share, collaborate Cloud storage Docs Sheets Private AI AI assistant Security Password manager Two-factor authenticator Bitcoin wallet More from Proton Hide-my-email aliases (new window) Encrypted notes (new window) Get started Personal plans Business plans Company About us Impact Social media Open source Team Careers Proton Foundation Proton blog Get Proton Pass Sign in Open menu Password generator Generate strong, unique passwords Password generator Generate strong, unique passwords Random Memorable 16 characters Capital letters ABC Numbers 123 Symbols !&* Copy Regenerate Powered by Proton Pass, secure password manager trusted by 100M+ Security score Strong Strong Thousands of years to hack this password Is my password vulnerable? More passwords 4.8+ 4.8+ app rating Download Privacy by default Proton Pass is open source (new window) Password copied Close Pass Plus for only [object Object] Enjoy 00 off our premium plan your first month. Strong password and passphrase generator Autofill and store your passwords Unlimited hide-my-email aliases Integrated 2FA authenticator Claim offer How can I create a strong password? A password generator is essential to creating strong and unique passwords. A good password generator should: Offer numerous customizations to adapt to any website's requirements. Allow you to choose between random passwords and passphrases. A passphrase like Sloppily8-Rosy3-Unlocking8-Angelic4 is made up of unrelated words and is easier to type and remember. This is helpful for apps where you need to type your password or on websites for account recovery purposes. Integrate with a password manager so you don't need to remember hundreds of different passwords. How to create a strong password What makes a password strong? A strong password is one that is difficult to guess or crack. It should have these characteristics: Long : A strong password should be at least 12 characters long, but 15 or more is better. Random : A strong password uses a combination of different letters, numbers, and symbols. Together they form an unpredictable string of characters that’s impossible to guess. Unique : You should never reuse the same password on two different websites or apps. However strong your password is, if a website gets hacked, a bad actor can use the same password to gain access to another account. Create strong passwords with Proton Pass A strong password isn't enough Generating a strong password is only half the equation. You also need to protect your username, which is often your email address. Your email is a valuable piece of information for hackers, who can use it to target you with malware and phishing attacks. Proton Pass protects your email address by generating aliases in addition to strong passwords. Learn more Easily manage your strong passwords on all devices with Proton Pass Proton Pass Free offers more than any other free password manager. Generate unlimited logins and notes, and access them on unlimited devices. Plus, create up to 10 hide-my-email aliases . Get started Import passwords with 1 click Learn how to import passwords FAQ How do I generate a strong password with Proton Pass? It’s simple to create a strong password or passphrase with Proton Pass. Just open the password generator page on your Proton Pass web, iOS or Android app and fully customize the password to your needs. Is Proton Pass safe to use? Proton Pass is built by the same team of scientists who met at CERN and created Proton Mail, the world’s largest encrypted email service, and Proton VPN, one of the largest VPN services. Proton has been recommended by the United Nations for sharing highly sensitive data, and our encryption is open source and battle tested. How can I choose a good password generator? Apart from offering multiple customization options, a good password generator must be open source and independently audited so anyone can verify how it works. As hacking techniques advance, a good password generator must always remain up to date. A good password generator is usually integrated into a password manager to help you store and manage all your passwords. Are strong passwords enough to protect my security? A good password manager allows you to easily manage your online accounts and quickly log in to any website or app. Your password manager also needs to be open source so anyone can verify it does what it says. Data breaches like the one at LastPass reveal technical mistakes that could have been avoided if LastPass were open source. Could quantum computers crack my passwords? Quantum computers are much faster than classical computers because they operate on qubits rather than bits. While bits have only two possible values, qubits exploit the unique behavior of subatomic particles which can have multiple values. When it comes to cracking passwords, quantum computers can use special algorithms to check multiple passwords at once in a superpowered brute force attack. In theory, quantum computers could someday crack passwords that today are considered safe. Luckily, quantum-safe cryptography already exists and many companies, including Proton, are already putting it into practice. Learn more about post-quantum encryption at Proton. What is Proton Pass? Proton Pass is an open source password manager created to defend your privacy and secure your passwords, usernames, bank cards, and notes with end-to-end encryption. Based in Switzerland, Proton Pass is designed not only to secure your passwords but your entire digital identity, helping you generate secure passwords and email aliases to protect your privacy when creating online accounts. Proton Pass offers more for free than any other password manager, so you can create and store unlimited logins and up to 10 hide-my-email aliases. Learn more about Proton Pass. Protect more than just your passwords Proton Pass provides more security for free. Protect your privacy online with an included VPN service and end-to-end encrypted cloud storage . Create a free account Privacy by default (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) Proton AG Route de la Galaise 32 1228 Plan-les-Ouates Geneva, Switzerland Products Proton Mail Proton Calendar Proton Drive Proton VPN (new window) Proton Pass Proton Wallet Proton Docs Proton Sheets New Proton Authenticator Proton Meet New Lumo AI Standard Notes (new window) Simple Login (new window) Proton for Business Pricing Switch to Proton Products Proton Mail Proton Calendar Proton Drive Proton VPN (new window) Proton Pass Proton Wallet Proton Docs Proton Sheets New Proton Authenticator Proton Meet New Lumo AI Standard Notes (new window) Simple Login (new window) Proton for Business Pricing Switch to Proton Privacy Password generator Username generator Tor Open source Student discount Special reports Proton vs. competitors Privacy Password generator Username generator Tor Open source Student discount Special reports Proton vs. competitors Company About us Team Impact Proton Foundation Careers We’re hiring Shop (new window) Donate Blog Company About us Team Impact Proton Foundation Careers We’re hiring Shop (new window) Donate Blog Connect Social media Help and support Partners and affiliates Referral program Press and media Contact us Connect Social media Help and support Partners and affiliates Referral program Press and media Contact us English System status (new window) Report abuse Report a problem Report a security issue Request a feature (new window) English Privacy Policy Terms & conditions Transparency report © 2026 Proton AG. All rights reserved.