Personal Personal Business Business Download Discover Proton Discover Proton Resources Discover Proton Proton Choose an internet where your privacy comes first Create a free account Communicate and browse Email VPN (new window) Video conferencing Calendar Store, share, collaborate Cloud storage Docs Sheets Private AI AI assistant Security Password manager Two-factor authentication Bitcoin wallet More from Proton Hide-my-email aliases (new window) Encrypted notes (new window) Pricing Personal plans Get started Switch to Proton Discover Proton for Business Proton for Business Simple, encrypted solutions to protect your business Find your plan Secure business communication Business email Business VPN Business video conferencing Business calendar Protect your team files Business cloud storage Docs Sheets Confidential AI for professionals Business AI assistant Protect your business Identity Business password manager Industries Tech Healthcare Nonprofits News and media Pricing Business plans Business resources Trust center HIPAA GDPR Data breach observatory ISO 27001 Business blog Proton Mail Proton VPN Proton Drive Proton Pass Lumo AI Proton Calendar Proton Meet Proton Authenticator Proton Wallet Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Web app Web app (new window) Desktop client add-on Bridge Scan to get the mobile app Devices Windows (new window) macOS (new window) Linux (new window) Chromebook (new window) Android (new window) iOS (new window) Extensions Chrome (new window) Firefox (new window) Smart TV Android TV (new window) Apple TV (new window) Firestick (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps Windows macOS Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Devices Windows macOS Linux Android iOS Command line interface (new window) Extensions Chrome Safari Firefox Edge Brave Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Web app Web app (new window) Discover Proton Proton We believe a better world starts with privacy and digital freedom Discover Proton Company About us Impact Team Careers Proton Foundation Proton blog Privacy Open source Zero-access encryption Big Tech alternatives Connect Partners and affiliates Social media Media contact Contact us Get started with Proton Beginner video guides (new window) Learn about encryption Business resources Help center News Proton blog Product updates Reports and insights Investigative reports Proton VPN observatory (new window) Data breach observatory Tech fines tracker Europe’s tech sovereignty watch European alternatives Proton’s guide to AI Videos about privacy Mass surveillance explained (new window) How employers spy on you (new window) Should security cost your privacy (new window) How to disappear online (new window) See all videos (new window) Tools What is my IP address? (new window) Password generator Username generator PDF watermark Image watermark Create a free account Sign in Open menu Support Proton Pass Using Proton Pass Support search How to use the Proton Pass web app Reading 5 mins Category Using Proton Pass Proton Pass is an end-to-end encrypted password manager that helps you protect your online identity. To access it, you can use either the browser extensions, which let you add logins on the fly and autofill them on websites, or the web app. The web app is a browser window that works on all major browser (Chrome, Firefox, Microsoft Edge). It gives you a better overview of your logins, passwords, credit cards, etc., and lets you manage them more easily. In this article, we’ll go over how it works. How to access the Proton Pass web app Making sense of the Proton Pass web app How to add new items How to edit items How to share vaults How to move or delete items How to get alerted to threats with Pass Monitor How to view an item’s history How to access the Proton Pass web app There’s no setup required to use the web app. To open the web app you can: Go to pass.proton.me (new window) . Click the app switcher button (the four squares in the top left) on the homepage of all other Proton web apps (for example, the Proton Mail inbox). Then click Proton Pass, and you’ll be taken directly to its web app. Making sense of the Proton Pass web app The web app has three panes that let you control different aspects. On the left side, you can access your different vaults — directories for different types of items — as well as your trash and the options at the bottom. In the middle section, you can find a list of all the items in the selected vault. The pane on the right shows you the details of a selected item. Vaults You can arrange items in vaults, making it easier to find them when you need to make changes. In the example above, we created a vault for personal items and one for work. How to add new items To add new items to Proton Pass, you can either use the autosave function included with the browser extension or do so manually. In the web app, you need to click the Create item button next to the search bar and then select the type of item you want to create. You create items by filling out the information in the appropriate blank fields. The blank fields the app prompts you to fill in will depend on the item you’re creating (for example, a login will ask you for a username and password, a credit card will ask for your name, credit card number, expiration date, etc.). When you’re done, click the Create login button (this also depends on the type of item you’re creating), and the app will add your new item to the vault. If you’d like to add two-factor authentication information to a login, check out our guide on how to use 2FA in Proton Pass . You can also add hidden or custom fields to every entry. How to edit items To edit an existing item, select it in the center pane and then click on the Edit button on the right-hand side of the screen. Simply update whatever information needs to be changed, then click Edit again to finish. How to share vaults You can also share a vault with others. To do so, click on any item in a vault and then click the Share button next to the Edit button. From there you’ll be prompted to confirm the sharing. Once you’ve confirmed, enter the email address of the people you’d like to share the vault with, or, generate a secure link and share the vault with the people you want. How to move or delete items You can also move items to another vault or delete them. Simply select the desired item from the center pane, then click the three vertical dots next to the Share button . A small menu will pop out. To delete an item, click Move to trash . You’ll be asked to confirm. If you do, the app will remove the item permanently. To move an item to another vault, select Move to another vault , then select which vault you want to move the item to from the available options. How to get alerted to threats with Pass Monitor Pass Monitor (new window) scans the dark web for credential leaks, checks on the health of your passwords, and reminds you to switch on two-factor authentication (2FA) for accounts that offer it. It works the same way on the Pass desktop app and the Pass web app . Learn how to use Pass Monitor How to view an item’s history If you have a paid Proton Pass account, you can view each item’s history. To do this: 1. Click on the item. Here, you can see the item’s history, including the current version , when the last autofill was performed, when it was created , and each time it’s been modified . 2. To find out more information about each change, click View item history . 3. Click the relevant Created or Modified entry in the timeline. 4. You can now view a snapshot of the change made on the selected date. Tab between the version of this item you’re looking at and the current version to compare them. To restore an older version of an item (that is, to make it the current version), click Restore . On this page How to access the Proton Pass web app Making sense of the Proton Pass web app How to add new items How to edit items How to share vaults How to move or delete items How to get alerted to threats with Pass Monitor How to view an item’s history Using Proton Pass How to create custom fields on Proton Pass How to set up and use biometric unlock for Proton Pass on desktop app and browser extension How to use groups in Proton Pass How to use Pass access tokens How to create a custom item Didn’t find what you were looking for? Get help General contact contact@proton.me Media contact media@proton.me Legal contact legal@proton.me Partnerships contact partners@proton.me Privacy by default (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) Proton AG Route de la Galaise 32 1228 Plan-les-Ouates Geneva, Switzerland Products Proton Mail Proton Calendar Proton Drive Proton VPN (new window) Proton Pass Proton Wallet Proton Docs Proton Sheets New Proton Authenticator Proton Meet New Lumo AI Standard Notes (new window) Simple Login (new window) Proton for Business Pricing Switch to Proton Products Proton Mail Proton Calendar Proton Drive Proton VPN (new window) Proton Pass Proton Wallet Proton Docs Proton Sheets New Proton Authenticator Proton Meet New Lumo AI Standard Notes (new window) Simple Login (new window) Proton for Business Pricing Switch to Proton Privacy Password generator Username generator Tor Open source Student discount Special reports Proton vs. competitors Privacy Password generator Username generator Tor Open source Student discount Special reports Proton vs. competitors Company About us Team Impact Proton Foundation Careers We’re hiring Shop (new window) Donate Blog Company About us Team Impact Proton Foundation Careers We’re hiring Shop (new window) Donate Blog Connect Social media Help and support Partners and affiliates Referral program Press and media Contact us Connect Social media Help and support Partners and affiliates Referral program Press and media Contact us English System status (new window) Report abuse Report a problem Report a security issue Request a feature (new window) English Privacy Policy Terms & conditions Transparency report © 2026 Proton AG. All rights reserved.