Personal Personal Business Business Download Discover Proton Discover Proton Resources Discover Proton Proton Choose an internet where your privacy comes first Create a free account Communicate and browse Email VPN (new window) Video conferencing Calendar Store, share, collaborate Cloud storage Docs Sheets Private AI AI assistant Security Password manager Two-factor authentication Bitcoin wallet More from Proton Hide-my-email aliases (new window) Encrypted notes (new window) Pricing Personal plans Get started Switch to Proton Discover Proton for Business Proton for Business Simple, encrypted solutions to protect your business Find your plan Secure business communication Business email Business VPN Business video conferencing Business calendar Protect your team files Business cloud storage Docs Sheets Confidential AI for professionals Business AI assistant Protect your business Identity Business password manager Industries Tech Healthcare Nonprofits News and media Pricing Business plans Business resources Trust center HIPAA GDPR Data breach observatory ISO 27001 Business blog Proton Mail Proton VPN Proton Drive Proton Pass Lumo AI Proton Calendar Proton Meet Proton Authenticator Proton Wallet Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Web app Web app (new window) Desktop client add-on Bridge Scan to get the mobile app Devices Windows (new window) macOS (new window) Linux (new window) Chromebook (new window) Android (new window) iOS (new window) Extensions Chrome (new window) Firefox (new window) Smart TV Android TV (new window) Apple TV (new window) Firestick (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps Windows macOS Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Devices Windows macOS Linux Android iOS Command line interface (new window) Extensions Chrome Safari Firefox Edge Brave Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Web app Web app (new window) Discover Proton Proton We believe a better world starts with privacy and digital freedom Discover Proton Company About us Impact Team Careers Proton Foundation Proton blog Privacy Open source Zero-access encryption Big Tech alternatives Connect Partners and affiliates Social media Media contact Contact us Get started with Proton Beginner video guides (new window) Learn about encryption Business resources Help center News Proton blog Product updates Reports and insights Investigative reports Proton VPN observatory (new window) Data breach observatory Tech fines tracker Europe’s tech sovereignty watch European alternatives Proton’s guide to AI Videos about privacy Mass surveillance explained (new window) How employers spy on you (new window) Should security cost your privacy (new window) How to disappear online (new window) See all videos (new window) Tools What is my IP address? (new window) Password generator Username generator PDF watermark Image watermark Create a free account Sign in Open menu Support Proton Pass Using Proton Pass Support search How to use 2FA in Proton Pass Reading 5 mins Category Using Proton Pass One-factor authentication requires something you know (your login details). Two-factor authentication requires an additional something that proves your identity. This something is usually a physical device, such as your phone or a 2FA security key . Unless an adversary has physical access to this thing, they can’t access your accounts. Two-factor authentication (2FA) provides a valuable additional layer of security for your account. One of the most common and secure ways to achieve 2FA is using an authenticator app on your smartphone. This generates six-digit time-based one-time passwords (new window) (TOTPs) that you can use to sign in to your online accounts. These TOTP codes prove that you are in physical possession of a phone registered to that account. This means that even if an attacker somehow steals your password, they still cannot get into your account without access to your mobile phone. Proton Pass makes it convenient to use 2FA in this way. Instead of requiring a separate authenticator app , Proton Pass can securely generate TOTP codes for websites that you have saved login details for. Note that Proton Pass 2FA is a premium feature. You can view the specific plans that include this option here . How to configure 2FA using the browser extension How to configure 2FA using the Android app How to configure 2FA using the iPhone and iPad app How to sign in using 2FA with the browser extension How to sign in using 2FA with the Android app How to sign in using 2FA with the iPhone and iPad app Please note that you should never use Proton Pass to secure your Proton Account using TOTP. Use a third-party authenticator app instead. How to configure 2FA codes Using the Proton Pass browser extension 1. Visit the website of the service you wish to use 2FA on and follow its instructions for setting up 2FA. Instead of scanning a QR code, select the enter key manually option and copy the numerical key provided . 2. Open the Proton Pass browser extension, select the entry for the service you wish to activate 2FA on → Edit . 3. In the 2FA secret (TOTP) field, paste in the 2FA key you copied from the website, and click Save . Using the Proton Pass Android app 1. Visit the website of the service you wish to use 2FA on and follow its instructions for setting up 2FA using a QR code. 2. Open the Proton Pass app on your Android device, select the entry for the service you wish to activate 2FA on → Edit . 2. Tap inside the 2FA secret (TOTP) field → Scan code . This will open your camera app. Point the camera at the QR code. An entry will appear in the TOTP field when the app registers the code. Tap Save . You can also configure 2FA codes manually on Android. To do this, tap Paste code instead of Scan code and paste in or enter a 2FA key as described for configuring the browser extension above. Using the Proton Pass iPhone and iPad app 1. Visit the website of the service you wish to use 2FA on and follow its instructions for setting up 2FA using a QR code. 2. Open the Proton Pass app on your iPhone or iPad, select the entry for the service you wish to activate 2FA on → Edit . 3. Tap inside the 2FA secret (TOTP) field → Open camera . This will open your camera app. Point the camera at the QR code. An entry will appear in the TOTP field when the app registers the code. Tap Save . You can also configure 2FA codes manually. To do this, tap Paste from clipboard instead of Open camera and paste in or enter a 2FA key as described for configuring the browser extension above. How to sign in using 2FA on Proton Pass Using the Proton Pass browser extension 1. Visit a website you’ve previously configured to use 2FA on Proton Pass. When prompted to enter a 2FA code, the browser will display a notification showing the 2FA verification code. Click Copy & fill in to autofill the 2FA code on the website you’re signing in to. Alternatively, you can manually enter the code, or you can open the browser extension, select the correct entry (if it’s not automatically selected), and click on the OTP field to copy it to your device’s clipboard. You can now paste it into the 2FA code request field on the website you’re signing in to. Proton Pass generates a new 2FA code every 30 seconds. A timer displays how long you have before a new code is generated. Once a new code is generated, the previous code is no longer valid. Using the Proton Pass Android app 1. Visit a website you’ve previously configured to use 2FA on Proton Pass. Log in using Pass. When you do this, a TOTP code is automatically saved to your device’s clipboard. 2. When prompted to enter a 2FA code, long-press → Paste to paste in the TOTP code. Using the Proton Pass iOS app On Android, when you log in to a site using Proton Pass, the TOTP code is automatically copied to your device’s clipboard. If you are using our iOS app, you must enable this feature manually. This is because the app uses the iOS/iPadOS notifications feature, for which you need to grant permission. To do this, open the app, go to Profile (the “person” icon at the bottom right), and toggle the Copy 2FA code switch on . To use 2FA on an iPhone or iPad: 1. Visit a website you’ve previously configured to use 2FA on Proton Pass. Log in using Pass. 2. If Copy 2FA code (see above) is enabled, you can long-press → Paste to paste in the TOTP code when prompted. If it isn’t, you’ll need to manually copy the 2FA code over from the Proton Pass apps. On this page How to configure 2FA codes How to sign in using 2FA on Proton Pass Using Proton Pass How to create custom fields on Proton Pass How to set up and use biometric unlock for Proton Pass on desktop app and browser extension How to use groups in Proton Pass How to use Pass access tokens How to create a custom item Didn’t find what you were looking for? Get help General contact contact@proton.me Media contact media@proton.me Legal contact legal@proton.me Partnerships contact partners@proton.me Privacy by default (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) Proton AG Route de la Galaise 32 1228 Plan-les-Ouates Geneva, Switzerland Products Proton Mail Proton Calendar Proton Drive Proton VPN (new window) Proton Pass Proton Wallet Proton Docs Proton Sheets New Proton Authenticator Proton Meet New Lumo AI Standard Notes (new window) Simple Login (new window) Proton for Business Pricing Switch to Proton Products Proton Mail Proton Calendar Proton Drive Proton VPN (new window) Proton Pass Proton Wallet Proton Docs Proton Sheets New Proton Authenticator Proton Meet New Lumo AI Standard Notes (new window) Simple Login (new window) Proton for Business Pricing Switch to Proton Privacy Password generator Username generator Tor Open source Student discount Special reports Proton vs. competitors Privacy Password generator Username generator Tor Open source Student discount Special reports Proton vs. competitors Company About us Team Impact Proton Foundation Careers We’re hiring Shop (new window) Donate Blog Company About us Team Impact Proton Foundation Careers We’re hiring Shop (new window) Donate Blog Connect Social media Help and support Partners and affiliates Referral program Press and media Contact us Connect Social media Help and support Partners and affiliates Referral program Press and media Contact us English System status (new window) Report abuse Report a problem Report a security issue Request a feature (new window) English Privacy Policy Terms & conditions Transparency report © 2026 Proton AG. All rights reserved.