Personal Personal Business Business Download Discover Proton Discover Proton Resources Discover Proton Proton Choose an internet where your privacy comes first Create a free account Communicate and browse Email VPN (new window) Video conferencing Calendar Store, share, collaborate Cloud storage Docs Sheets Private AI AI assistant Security Password manager Two-factor authentication Bitcoin wallet More from Proton Hide-my-email aliases (new window) Encrypted notes (new window) Pricing Personal plans Get started Switch to Proton Discover Proton for Business Proton for Business Simple, encrypted solutions to protect your business Find your plan Secure business communication Business email Business VPN Business video conferencing Business calendar Protect your team files Business cloud storage Docs Sheets Confidential AI for professionals Business AI assistant Protect your business Identity Business password manager Industries Tech Healthcare Nonprofits News and media Pricing Business plans Business resources Trust center HIPAA GDPR Data breach observatory ISO 27001 Business blog Proton Mail Proton VPN Proton Drive Proton Pass Lumo AI Proton Calendar Proton Meet Proton Authenticator Proton Wallet Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Web app Web app (new window) Desktop client add-on Bridge Scan to get the mobile app Devices Windows (new window) macOS (new window) Linux (new window) Chromebook (new window) Android (new window) iOS (new window) Extensions Chrome (new window) Firefox (new window) Smart TV Android TV (new window) Apple TV (new window) Firestick (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps Windows macOS Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Devices Windows macOS Linux Android iOS Command line interface (new window) Extensions Chrome Safari Firefox Edge Brave Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Web app Web app (new window) Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Desktop apps macOS Windows Linux Scan to get the mobile app Mobile apps iOS (new window) Android (new window) Web app Web app (new window) Discover Proton Proton We believe a better world starts with privacy and digital freedom Discover Proton Company About us Impact Team Careers Proton Foundation Proton blog Privacy Open source Zero-access encryption Big Tech alternatives Connect Partners and affiliates Social media Media contact Contact us Get started with Proton Beginner video guides (new window) Learn about encryption Business resources Help center News Proton blog Product updates Reports and insights Investigative reports Proton VPN observatory (new window) Data breach observatory Tech fines tracker Europe’s tech sovereignty watch European alternatives Proton’s guide to AI Videos about privacy Mass surveillance explained (new window) How employers spy on you (new window) Should security cost your privacy (new window) How to disappear online (new window) See all videos (new window) Tools What is my IP address? (new window) Password generator Username generator PDF watermark Image watermark Create a free account Sign in Open menu Support Proton Pass Support search How to use Identities Reading 2 mins Categories Proton Pass Using Proton Pass Your digital identity is made up of all the accumulated data that’s attributed to you online, such as your name, your usernames, your passwords, your birthday, and your government ID. It’s unique to you, and it becomes more personalized as you use the internet. Creating new accounts and signing up for new services often means repeating the same information across multiple websites, which can be time-consuming if you don’t have the information available. In Proton Pass, Identities is a feature that allows you to build your own digital Identity to use online. This makes it easier and safer for you to use the internet, and helps you store and access your personal information in a secure location. You can safely store credentials including: Name Email Phone number Birthday Gender Address Contact details (SSN, passport number, license number, website, social handles) Work details (occupation, company, job title) In this article, you’ll learn to create an Identity as well as editing and searching in your Identities. How to create an Identity on desktop How to add a new Identity field How to add a custom section How to edit an Identity field How to search all fields How to create an Identity on desktop Open the browser extension → + Create item → Identity. 2. You’ll see the template to create a new Identity. 3. Fill in your chosen fields and select Create Identity . 4. Your Identities will appear in your list of vaults and Identities. How to add a new Identity field Select your chosen Identity → Add more 2. Make a selection from the list of options. How to add a custom section Your information is categorized into different sections such as personal details, address details, work details, etc. You can expand and collapse each section using > in each section. 2. If you have a paid account, you can create custom sections. To do this, navigate to the Identity you’d like to add a custom section for → + Add a custom section How to edit an Identity field Choose the Identity you’d like to make edits to → Edit 2. Select any fields you’d like to change, then when you’re done → Save How to search all fields To search all fields, use the search bar located at the top of the screen. 2. For example, to find your work address, type the location of your office into the search bar and you’ll be able to see the address attached to your work identity. On this page How to create an Identity on desktop How to add a new Identity field How to add a custom section How to edit an Identity field How to search all fields Proton Pass Proton Pass plans explained How to set up and use biometric unlock for Proton Pass on desktop app and browser extension How to use groups in Proton Pass How to create a custom item How to import from Dropbox Passwords into Proton Pass Using Proton Pass How to create custom fields on Proton Pass How to set up and use biometric unlock for Proton Pass on desktop app and browser extension How to use groups in Proton Pass How to use Pass access tokens How to create a custom item Didn’t find what you were looking for? Get help General contact contact@proton.me Media contact media@proton.me Legal contact legal@proton.me Partnerships contact partners@proton.me Privacy by default (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) (new window) Proton AG Route de la Galaise 32 1228 Plan-les-Ouates Geneva, Switzerland Products Proton Mail Proton Calendar Proton Drive Proton VPN (new window) Proton Pass Proton Wallet Proton Docs Proton Sheets New Proton Authenticator Proton Meet New Lumo AI Standard Notes (new window) Simple Login (new window) Proton for Business Pricing Switch to Proton Products Proton Mail Proton Calendar Proton Drive Proton VPN (new window) Proton Pass Proton Wallet Proton Docs Proton Sheets New Proton Authenticator Proton Meet New Lumo AI Standard Notes (new window) Simple Login (new window) Proton for Business Pricing Switch to Proton Privacy Password generator Username generator Tor Open source Student discount Special reports Proton vs. competitors Privacy Password generator Username generator Tor Open source Student discount Special reports Proton vs. competitors Company About us Team Impact Proton Foundation Careers We’re hiring Shop (new window) Donate Blog Company About us Team Impact Proton Foundation Careers We’re hiring Shop (new window) Donate Blog Connect Social media Help and support Partners and affiliates Referral program Press and media Contact us Connect Social media Help and support Partners and affiliates Referral program Press and media Contact us English System status (new window) Report abuse Report a problem Report a security issue Request a feature (new window) English Privacy Policy Terms & conditions Transparency report © 2026 Proton AG. All rights reserved.